
Blue and the Scattered Soul
Directory

Prelude
	The Gateway
Act I
	Vaud
	Dawn of the Night
Chapter 1 - From Dusk Till Dawn
	The Everlasting Twilight
	A Stroll in the Woods
	Closing Loose Ends
	Penelope
Chapter 2 - Behind the Sunshine
	The Shores Beyond
	A Most Wonderful Plan
	Storming Sunset Mansion
	A Lovely Song and Dance
Chapter 3 - A Two-Faced Valley
	The Lands Down Under
	The Grumbling Swamp
	The Wicked and the Wretched
	Blue’s Tsunami
	Where Are We Now?
	The Fate of Our Sins
	The Flop Side
Act II
	Into the Darkness
	Fire, Fire Rocks
Chapter 4 - A Sprinkle of Phasium
	A Neon Night
	The Phasium Experiment
	Penelope and the City of Stars
	A World Left Behind
Chapter 5 - The Lands of Old
	A Crisp Autumn Morning
	Blue Meets Blue
	Grief
	The Phasite Reed
Chapter 6 - Colorlo
	The Wall of Amethyst
	The Grand Pathway
	A Lovely Hill of Flowers
	The Great Maze
	The Prince of Ice
	A Most Wonderful Ascension
	Oh My!
	Penelope, Daughter of Light
Act III
	Attack on the Airships	Chapter 7 - The Pinnacle of Despair
	Vaudville
	A Most Dynamic Language
	The Grand Halls of Vaud
	Life of the Wretched
	Blue and the Scattered Soul
	A Most Wonderful Escape
	The Rebirth of Phasium
Postlude
	Blue, Son of Wonder
The Gateway

There was once an island. And on this island existed a city.

This was the Gateway. The land between worlds.

It had no time, nor footprint. It existed between everything else.

The Gateway lived peacefully.

One day, a storm broke out from above, and lightning struck the city.

The island began to crumble, and soon rifted apart.

Half of the city fell down under, as the other half held on for dear life.

Soon, the storm parted, and the lightning stopped. A beautiful rainbow filled the sky.

The island crumbled again, and the other half of the city rose up into the clouds.

One city, split into two.

You see, one cannot exist without the other.

Can it?
Act I
The Land of the Light
Vaud

It spoke in an odd language.
He opened his eyes, a rainbow greeting him.
The angel spoke again, in indescernible tongues.
The man blinked.
The angel ran off, and the man stayed seated. He looked down — he was on some sort of cloud, floating above an ocean. The cloud continued onward and led to others — he even saw a mountain in the distance. However, he dared not move — after all, he couldn’t.
The angel returned, walking with an elderly man. He wore blue robes, and had a long white beard — almost like a wise figure the man had once read about in one of his books.
They stopped in front of him, the wise man pulling a stone out of his robes. He quickly rubbed it.
“Can you understand me?” the elderly man inquired. “I just gave you the power to interpret languages.”
“Yes.” The man blinked. “Who are you? Where am I?”
“You are in between worlds. I’m not entirely sure how you got here; perhaps your world closed. Yes!” He turned to the angel. “Go tell the others.”
The angel darted off.
“What?” The man widened his eyes. “What do you mean my world? Earth? Destroyed?”
“Ah, I see you’re not familiar with the nature of the universe. Here, let’s start small — what’s your name?”
“My name?” asked the man. What would he say? After all, he had no idea who this guy was. “Art… Ar… Blue.” He smiled. “My name is Blue.”
“Blue?” asked the wise man. “Very well, then.” He turned to the island. “My name is Master Q. I looked over the Land of the Light.”
“The what?” asked Blue. He stood up and walked next to Master Q. “Sorry, where are we again?”
“A world between worlds, my friend. And it’s no wonder your world closed down — there’s been a looming threat across several worlds.”
“A… what?”
“Look at that island,” my friend. Master Q pointed to the island in the distance. “Long ago, we were just one civilization on that island. One day, there was a split.”
“A split?” Blue’s eyes widened.
“Yes,” said Master Q. “Our half of the village floated up here, while the other half descended into the island’s depths — or so we think. Nobody knows for sure. But, recently,” said Master Q, “the ravine at the foot of Mount Shadow has grown.”
“So?” asked Blue. “Surely that’s just a bit… unusual?” Unusual? He was probably in a dream, calling things unusual? “Master Q, what is all this?”
“Young one, there’s been a recent discrepancy across the universe. My stone — oh, my great and powerful stone — has told me information. I’ve sent my top men to analyze every reading — it remotely sends signals out to us all.”
“So?”
“A force of nature — suspected to be a man. He goes by the name of Vaud.”
Vaud! That name sounded so familiar to Blue.
“So, who is this ‘Vaud’?” asked Blue. “And, sorry — where are we? Seriously.” What a strange dream!
“Vaud has been the source of trouble for several worlds — or so we think. We believe that if he continues down his route, he’ll swallow every world whole. Yours may have been one of the first.” He turned toward Blue. “I’m truly sorry, I am. You can live among us for now. We’ve adopted others into our grand Light family. My adopted son, Shelby, for one — he showed up just like you, years ago. And, well, my… well, I suppose it’s not important.” He turned back to Mount Shadow. “We may have to send you out to figure out how Vaud came to be.”
“What?” Blue narrowed his eyes — where was he? Truly?
“The stone has sensed that different worlds may soon open up to us — worlds that Vaud may have perhaps been apart of. My men are suspecting that if we figure out Vaud’s purpose in one world, the next will present itself, and so on, all the way until we find where he is.”
“And you’re sending me?”
“I promise there’s a good reason, young one — but that would be far too much information for one moment.” Master Q walked along the cloud. “Once again, I’m truly sorry.”
“I just don’t understand,” said Blue. “So my… universe… is just gone?”
“Nobody quite understands at first,” said Master Q. “Our entire existence has more secrets to it than even I know about.” He sighed. “Make yourself comfortable, Blue. You’ll be with us for awhile.” Master Q continued to walk along the clouds.
What a strange dream!

Dawn of the Night

     “Well, Blue.” Master Q walked over. “To understand how Vaud came to be, you need to see the places he affected.” He stared at the island. “And you might not have much time.” The island’s rift had grown. “It senses a disturbance, Blue. If our land splits, it’s over.”
     Blue stared down, eyes wide open.
     “Nature will guide us.” Master Q walked to the edge of the cloud. “Look down.”
     Blue stared down, watching the vast waves down below.
     “What about them?” He felt the wind blow his hair.
     “Well,” said Master Q, “since you touched the stone, this land trusts you.” He pointed down. “Look.”
	The water slowly rotated, soon forming a massive whirlpool next to the island. Wind flew up toward the cloud.
     “What’s in there?” Blue stared down at it.
     “One of Vaud’s worlds. Well, not one of his worlds. But a world he knew.” Master Q squinted. “It doesn’t have much time left. He’s already started to close worlds - this one might not be here for much longer.”
     “In the whirlpool? Really?”
     “Yes. And now it’s your time.” Master Q looked at Blue. “Actually, I need to introduce you to someone.”
     Blue followed Master Q to the center of their cloud.
     “Evelyn,” shouted Master Q. “Come down.”
     A white dove flew down to the cloud and landed on Master Q’s shoulder.
     “She’ll guide you.”
     The dove chirped and flew over to Blue.
     “Well, good luck to both of you.” Master Q’s beard flew in the wind. “Get on this cloud.”
     Instantly, a cloud 
The Everlasting Twilight

Blue dove through the air. As he passed through the whirlpool, he felt mist around him; he punctured a cloud and continued shooting down to his destination.
An island lay below him, quickly growing in size as he fell closer to it. Within seconds, Blue could distinguish lakes and rivers. The island appeared as a bright turquoise.
Evelyn clasped to Blue’s shoulder, her feathers ruffling as she dove down.
Blue turned white. He hadn’t brought a parachute - what would happen to him?
Suddenly, he felt weightless. Evelyn slowly flapped her wings, guiding both of them to the ground.
Fog filled the air as Blue softly landed on the blue grass below him. The clouds drew away, revealing a pink sky.
Blue looked down to the ground - pink petals littered the ground, continuously falling from the trees next to him.
“Well, Evelyn,” he said. “Would you take a look at that?”
The trees surrounded them - in fact, despite his best attempts, Blue couldn’t see past them.
So this world is connected with Vaud? Blue patted his hands against his jeans and walked in an arbitrary direction. Evelyn flew behind him.
“What business could Vaud have had here?” Blue stepped over a fallen tree. “When would he have even been here?” He widened his eyes. Master Q had never told him quite where Vaud hailed from.
Blue peered through the trees and saw what looked to be a town. He ran faster, and Evelyn picked up speed. She flew past him, out of his view.
“Where are you going?” He looked up at the sky - a mural! At least, that’s how it appeared to him. “Evelyn?” Blue sprinted toward the edge of the forest.
As he entered into the twilight, the blue mountains greeted him in the distance. The town was here - its red houses contrasted the blue quite nicely.
“Who’s there?”
A man approached him.
“Hello, sir,” Blue stopped in front of him.
“What business do you have here?”
“I’m looking for my bird. Have you seen her?”
“This one?” Evelyn’s head popped out from his hair. She quickly stood up and flew to Blue’s shoulder.
“Yes, thank you.”
The man turned around to walk back to the town.
“Actually,” Blue stuttered, “There is something else.”
“Go on…” The man turned back around.
“Have you heard of a man named Vaud?”
“Vaud? I can’t say I have.” The man frowned. “Well, actually, now that you mention it, there was someone by the name of VD.” He blinked. “He was a student at the temple. One day, though, he just… vanished.” The man rapped his fingers against his leg. “Can’t imagine that’s the same person, though. What connection do you have to this ‘Vaud’?”
“Can we sit down somewhere? This will be a long story.”
“Sure. Come back to my place.”
They go there
“Alright, traveler. Continue on.”
“Well, you see,” Blue inhaled, “I’m not from your world.”
“Not from my world? You’re an alien?”
“Not quite. I fell in from a hole in the sky.”
“I see. So… who is this ‘Vaud’?”
“Well, he’s trying to destroy all worlds. Apparently he had some form of connection with this one.”
The man blinked.
“Well, then. I’m not sure I can help you anymore. Like I said, there was VD. He was the son of a very wealthy man.” The man sighed. “Like I said, he was training, but suddenly went missing. No comment from the trainer whatsoever.”
“They never found him? Was he training indoors?”
“Yes. It’s very strange, isn’t it?” The man turned toward his window. “He was so young, too.”
“Nobody ever checked the place out? Looked to see if he was hiding or anything.”
“No.”
Evelyn chirped.
“Maybe we should check that out?” Blue pet Evelyn. “I don’t know exactly what purpose Vaud had here, but this whole thing seems awfully suspicious. I don’t have anything else to go off of.”
“It happened so long ago, I’m not sure if it would even matter. And what’s this about you falling out of the sky? Why should I believe you? Sky’s been acting up, too.”
“What do you mean?”
“Well, it’s been staying pink all day. Almost like it’s always evening. Come to think about it, it happened right after the boy went missing.”
“The evening?”
“Yeah, the night before it was reported, the sky went pink and sort of stayed that way. We’re getting off topic here. What do you mean you fell in?”
“Well,” said Blue.
How could he explain this?
Suddenly, Evelyn began to hover in midair. She flapped her wings faster as she stayed there, until they quickly became a blur. Instantly, the trio disappeared, and the house lay quiet.
“Blue? Evelyn?”
Blue opened his eyes to Master Q standing over him.
“Evelyn, who did you bring home?”
The man stood up and trembled.
“What did you do? Where am I?”
“Blue?” Master Q ignored the man. “Blue, what happened?”
“Well,” said Blue, “First, our cloud fizzled out, so we had to fall into the world. We met this man and told him out our problem.” Master Q nodded. “He told us he didn’t believe what we were saying, then Evelyn started flapping her wings, and now… we’re back?” Blue scrunched his forehead. “Not entirely sure how we got back here.”
“I see.” Master Q sighed. “It’d be best not to talk about Vaud to anyone else you meet.”
“Shouldn’t we ask them about his presence? Won’t he have a connection to all of the worlds I go to?”
“Yes, but… that doesn’t mean the residents will know about him.”
“Oh.”
“Now,” Master Q turned toward the man, who was still trembling. “I understand you may be alarmed.”
The man covered his face.
“However, what my friend here was saying is true. Come here. What’s your name?”
“Aqua.”
“Aqua?”
“My parents decided to name me after the essence of all life.”
“Well, Aqua, come here.” Master Q grabbed the man’s hand. “Don’t be afraid.” He guided him to the edge of the cloud and gestured toward the island. “That was once our land. Then we rose up.”
Aqua trembled a bit less.
“You see, Aqua, there’s been a great disturbance. See that rift?” He pointed toward the ravine on the island’s surface. “It’s been growing.”
“What about it?”
“We are in between worlds. In between time. It should not grow.” Master Q looked at Aqua. “There has been a disturbance. A man who calls himself Vaud has been plotting to destroy all worlds. And I’m afraid that includes yours.’ Master Q pointed down at the whirlpool. “Yours is in there.”
Aqua trembled a bit more.
“Now, I’m not sure why Blue and Evelyn brought you back, or how exactly you were able to appear here, but now you’re here.”
“What do we do?”
“Well, Blue, have you found anything?” Master Q turned toward him.
“Aqua mentioned something about a VD.”
“Yes.” Aqua stared up at Master Q. “It’s true. A boy named VD went missing from our land. The sky’s stayed pink ever since then.”
“Interesting. Interesting indeed.” Master Q stroked his beard. “This might give us a lead.” He stared at Aqua. “Would you be willing to help them on their quest?”
Aqua froze.
“Well,” he said. “Town hasn’t been quite the same since the young one went missing. If I could bring it all back, I would. So… I suppose so.” As he turned to Blue, Evelyn flew to his shoulder.
“She likes you,” said Master Q. “Alright, you three. Get back to it.” Evelyn flapped her wings again, and they were instantly out of the Land of the Light.
“Nice boys they are,” said Master Q. He turned to the island and sighed.
“Sir.” An angel flew over to him. “Why did Blue even show up here?”
“I’ve been wondering the same thing. His world closed, but he too should’ve vanished. Very peculiar.”
“I admit I overheard your conversation. What could that young boy have to do with Vaud?”
“I’m not entirely sure, but we have to remember to trust the stone. We still haven’t located where Vaud came from. Perhaps he was interdimensional.”
“How many worlds are connected to him, Sir?”
“It’s hard to say. Once they finish this one, the stone says that the next world should open.” His eyes widened. “Check this out, young one.” He looked toward the sun. Instantly, Aqua’s world came into view, as did the trio exiting his house.
“So we can watch them?”
“Of course. We’re between everything after all.”
“Do you think they’ll be alright? Should we send in a second party after them?”
“We’ll see if we need to. But I have trust in them.” Master Q stared back up at the sun. “And sometimes you need to hold onto that trust, young one. I’ve held on to my trust of our great island, after all. And isn’t that the most important part of all?” Master Q closed his eyes.
A Stroll in the Woods

The sky twinkled pink.
“Well.” Blue looked toward Aqua as they walked. “So, what do you think?”
“I’m not sure what to think. I’ve never seen anything like this. But something tells me I wasn’t supposed to know about all of this.”
“Yeah.” Blue stared ahead. “My fault.”
“Well. As long as that man doesn’t strike me down, it should be alright.” He chuckled. “Anyway, we just have to walk for a bit. Soon enough we’ll get there and can investigate further.”
“I see.”
Turquoise leaves twinkled above, as they walked along the red dirt path. Blue stared out over the lake, squinting at the sunset.
“What a lovely world you have here,” said Blue. “Is it just your island?”
“Oh, no,” Aqua sighed. “Well, for us it seems to be. There are others out there, but we’ve isolated ourselves for awhile. I wouldn’t be surprised if the other land forgot about us.”
“Why?” Blue tilted his head.
“Well, once the sun stopped setting here, the other lands assumed we were cursed. And, thus, they just kind of stopped communicating with us.” Aqua squinted into the sunset. “It was all that VD, I’m telling you.”
“Why’d they name him that? Were those just his initials?”
“I’m blanking on the father’s name, but the last name definitely didn’t start with D. That’s just what everyone called him. We never questioned it.”
“Interesting.” Blue stared at a tree in the distance. It looked so… familiar.
“Blue?” Aqua looked over his shoulder. “Are you coming?”
Blue continued to stare at the tree.
“Something about this tree. It… I’m not sure. It feels like something I once knew. I can’t describe it.”
“Something from…” Aqua lowered his voice, “from your world?”
“I cannot tell. Not that I know of.”
“So, that old man up in the clouds. Did he really mean that your world is just… gone?”
“Right now it seems so. But I have a mission to go on, and that’s all that matters right now. Let’s keep walking.”
Evelyn chirped and flapped her wings.
Suddenly, Aqua tripped over a root.
“Ah!” He tumbled to the ground.
“Are you alright?” Blue ran over to him and stuck out his hand. As he bent down, Evelyn flew over and perched on Aqua. She flapped her wings and pulled him up.
“What an incredible bird!” he said, brushing himself off. “How did she lift me up like that?”
“I’m not sure.” Blue’s eyes widened. “I just met her, too. Feel like I’m learning all sorts of new things now.”
“Well, Blue. Look.” Aqua gestured to their left. “This pond is said to answer all who come here. Want to take a rest for a second?”
“Sure.” They sat by the water, the blue leaves rustling from above.
“So, what do we know about Vaud, then?” Aqua looked into the water. “Does he have a motive? A homeland? Does he love?” He teared up. “And why is he doing this?”
“Master Q doesn’t have much information to work off of right now. He has this stone - some sort of magical thing, I suppose. It told him that the universe was in danger, as well as the supposed name of the person responsible. All we know is that we have to explore some worlds he’s connected to before we confront him. I guess yours is connected to him - hell, that’s why we’re on this quest.” Aqua nodded. “But I’m still not entirely sure what VD would have to do with him.”
Suddenly, a circle of light appeared in the center of the pond.
“What’s that coming from?” Blue looked up into the dim sky.
The circle split up into 6 fractions, each going to an end of the pond. One of them landed on Blue and Aqua.
“The pond has answered.” Aqua looked out over the water. “Has it answered our questions about Vaud?”
“What could this mean?”
“Pond, show us Vaud.” Aqua stared at the other side.
The 6 fractions faded away, and the circle appeared again.
“I’m not sure what this exactly signifies,” Aqua continued to stare at the dot. “6 worlds, maybe? Maybe he was split into 6 somehow?”
“Curious.” Blue watched the dot. “I guess we’ll have to find out later. C’mon.” Evelyn, perched on his shoulder, flapped her wings and lifted him up.
“Do you think she gets tired doing that?” Aqua watched the bird, eyes widened.
“Probably not. Well, maybe. I think she’s magical.” Blue stroked her wings. “Alright, let’s get going.” He walked through the blue grass back to the path.
The light on the pond faded.
“Well,” said Aqua. “Look up.” In front of them was a tall, tall mountain, covered from head to toe with blue trees. As Blue looked higher and higher up the mountain, the vegetation slowly gilded.
“We call it Golden Mountain,” said Aqua. “A very generic name, I know. But this is where the temple is where VD practiced, and where he ultimately was suspected to have gone missing.
“How do we climb this thing?” asked Blue. “How long does it take?”
“Ah, yes. It takes a bit of time - trainees were often here for weeks at a time because of that.”
“Is anyone up there now?” Blue looked to the top.
“After the incident, eyes turned to VD’s trainer. One day, he vanished without a trace, see? He just got up and left. Nobody else went up there besides the master and the students. If only there was a faster way to the top - I agree.”
Evelyn chirped.
“Well, then.” Aqua brushed his hair. “Let’s get ready to climb the mountain, alright? Do we have food?”
“You never told me to bring any. I assumed this trip was going to be relatively short.”
“Ah, well maybe we should turn back to town to prepare further. We haven’t walked for that long.”
Evelyn chirped again.
“Wait.” Aqua looked at Evelyn. “That bird. Do you think she’d be able to…?”
“Able to what?”
“Well, she was able to lift us up earlier. Do you think she could carry us up?”
“Surely not. I can’t imagine…”
Evelyn perched on Aqua’s shoulders and began to flap her wings. Slowly but surely, she lifted him into the air. After hovering above the ground for a few seconds, she took off up the mountain. Blue’s eyes widened as he watched the dove fly the man through the sunset.
“She’ll come back for you!” Aqua waved down. “I just know it!”
Blue blinked a few times. What was all this?
He sat on the grass, just as he had back in his own world. It was a different color, and felt a bit stronger, but at the end of the day, it was still grass.
He thought about the tree. What was up with it? It had looked so familiar, like something he’d known long ago.
And… what WAS up with Vaud?
“Well,” Blue said to himself, “I guess I can only think. So. We know that Vaud has split into 6. No - surely not. Because then he wouldn’t be able to wreak havoc. Ok…” he inhaled. How confusing! “We know that there’s something about Vaud and 6. Maybe he was spread across 6 worlds or something like that. What else do we know? What else…” he tapped his foot. “And then VD! The only link we have. Considering we don’t know what Vaud’s connection to this place was, that’s our real lead. This… dead child. Lovely.” He paced in a circle. “What else do we know? We know there are some number of worlds. Not how many yet.” He thought of Master Q. If he didn’t have all the answers, who did? “What else do I know about this whole situation?” He tapped his foot again - there’d hardly been any downtime since he’d awoken in the Land of the Light. “Well. We know that there are 2 sides of the same coin. 2 different villages. And we don’t know what’s going on with the other village. And-”
A chirping ensued.
“Oh!” Evelyn flew over to his shoulder. “Alright, take me away.”
As Evelyn flapped her wings, Blue felt his feet lift on the ground. Slowly but surely, they took off toward the mountain.
It wasn’t free-standing - in fact, Blue took the moment to look at the faint mountains surrounding it. As they flew higher up the mountain, the golden leaves glistened brighter.
“What is that?” Blue squinted as he saw a structure at the top of the mountain fade into view. It stood tall and golden - unlike any building he’d seen yet. As the wind rustled his hair and Evelyn’s feathers, he could make out Aqua waving from the summit.
Evelyn slowed down and gradually dropped until Blue’s feet hit the ground. As he turned around, he saw the vast red land they’d just flown up from.
“Aqua, what is this place?”
“Welcome to the temple.”
As Blue followed Aqua, he felt Evelyn clasp his shoulder.
Closing Loose Ends

The sun set on the Land of the Light.
“What a day it’s been,” said Master Q. “Well, then.” He looked to the sun one more time - the trio had made great progress, that was for sure. “My dear Evelyn’s already had to lift them.”
“Father?”
“Yes, Penelope?” Master Q turned toward his daughter. “What is it?”
“Who are those people? What’s happening?”
“Well, I’ve found heroes, love.” Master Q sat on a cloud. “Sit, sit down.” She sat next to him. “You see, young Blue woke up here when his world was closed. Now he, Evelyn, and a new friend of theirs are trying to stop Vaud.”
“So you got a random guy?”
“He woke up here, dear. He didn’t vanish like the rest of them. And that is noteworthy.”
“Why didn’t you send me instead?”
“There are dangerous worlds out there, Penelope.” Master Q looked toward the rift in the island. “Besides, they’ve got it covered. I believe in them.” Master Q watched as the sun fully set.
On Golden Mountain, the trio stood in front of the temple.
“So,” said Blue, “how do we get in?” He pulled on the door; it resisted.
“Well,” said Aqua. “First, we must think.” He tapped his head. “Do we think VD’s in here, or on… on the premises?”
“Are you saying he’s buried here?”
“Well, if he vanished here…” Aqua grew quiet. “Anything could happen.”
“That… that makes sense.” Blue looked to Evelyn - she poked around in the dirt.
“Evelyn, what are you doing?” Blue ran over to her. “What…” She held a silver key in her beak. “Aqua, I think we found the key.”
“Wonderful. Here, toss it over.” Evelyn flew over to Aqua and dropped the key into his hand. “Ok, Blue.” He placed the key into the keyhole and turned it. “We’re in.”
The door creaked open, revealing a dark interior.
“It’s been a few months since this place has been used,” said Aqua. “The master was the only one who had a key into here.”
Blue walked along the dusty gray mats, following Aqua.
“Have you been in here before?” asked Blue.
“I trained here for a bit as a child. Not for long. It was under a different master, too. And…” He looked across the room. “There was a basement in here, too.”
“What?”
“There was a hatch right in the corner, over…” he pointed at a mat, “there. It didn’t have that much stuff - mostly equipment and the like. But it was there.”
“Interesting. Do you think…” he inhaled, “do you think it’s still there?”
“At this rate, if we want to see the sun again, I suppose it’s worth checking,” said Aqua.
“Do we have something that can pull up the mat? Or maybe cut through it?”
“Nothing easy.”
Evelyn flew over and began poking the mat with her beak.
“This bird is full of tricks, Blue.”
She drove her beak into the ground and slowly walked backward, cutting through the mat.
“Well, then.” Aqua pulled up the mat and felt the ground. “Yep, a wooden hatch. I have no idea when it was covered up, though.” He opened the door, causing dust to fly up into the air.
“You think we should explore it? We have no idea what might be down there.”
“Hey,” he chuckled. “I think Evelyn wants to see what’s there.” The dove flew down the hatch.
“Alright, let’s go.” Aqua and Blue slid down through the trapdoor.
“Hey, how are we supposed to see a thing down here?” Blue slowly walked down the stone steps. “No lights.”
“Hold on,” Aqua called from down the staircase. “I see a light down there.”
Blue felt the walls as he walked down.
“Uh, Blue,” Aqua called from down the hallway. “You might want to see this.”
Blue rushed down the remaining stairs and ran down the corridor toward the light. As he exited from the hallway, his eyes widened.
He stepped into the empty stone room, nothing the two candles placed on opposite sides,

and the coffin in the middle.

“Should we open it?” Aqua looked at it.
“No. But he’s in there.” Evelyn landed on the coffin. “He’s definitely in there. I don’t know why, but I just… know.”
“Well, what are we supposed to do now? We found the coffin of the boy who seemingly took the sun away from this world.”
“We should probably give him a proper burial first. Stuck in this cold, dark basement.” Blue picked up the small coffin. “Help me carry this.”
As they carried the coffin down the hallway, the candles went out.
“If only we had light so I could see the rest of these rooms. I’d be curious.” Aqua sighed.
“After what we just saw, I’d rather not. You sure he didn’t kill any other students?”
“None that were reported.” They carried the coffin up the stairs, closed the hatch, and left the temple.
“Well,” said Blue. “I know just the spot.” He spotted a tree next to the temple, its leaves a beautiful gold. “Let’s dig.” As Blue walked over to the site, Evelyn flew over and immediately used her wings to dig the hole. Within a few seconds, she was done.
“That bird amazes me more by the moment.”
Blue placed the cold, brown coffin into the ground, then brushed the dirt back onto it. As he looked up into the sky, the sun began to set.
“Well,” said Aqua. “Would you look at that.”
The sun slowly crept behind the mountains, painting the sky a dark indigo. The golden leaves fizzled to the shadows.
“I wonder,” said Aqua, “if that was your whole thing. If that was Vaud.”
“I guess it’s a good sign that the balance was restored to your world. I’d like to believe this is what it was.” Blue looked at the burial spot. “The poor child, though. Can you imagine? And he was probably so young, too.”
“He’s part of the mountain now,” said Aqua. “Being buried on Golden Mountain is an honor few men have received. There would be no better place to put him.” He turned to Blue. “But how is he Vaud? That’s still what I’m trying to figure out. He’s a child. Isn’t Vaud a great being?”
“He could’ve been a form of Vaud. Look,” Blue stared down, then turned back up to Aqua. “Things have been weird in my life over the past couple of days.” He snapped his fingers. “My world’s seemingly ended, I’ve been placed between worlds, it - it’s been complicated. I’m trying the best that I can to come up with explanations for all of this. Not even Master Q knows what’s going on.” He sighed. “But.” He looked back up at the sky. “This is a very good sign.”
“I agree, this situation seems rather complicated. But assuming you’re done with my world…” Aqua grew silent, “do you need me to keep going with you?”
“I don’t think so. Plus, you deserve to live in your world. You’ve done plenty to help us.”
“It seems like it’s been forever since I’ve seen the night.” Wind rustled through the golden leaves. “Ever since this horrible situation - this world has been in chaos. A quiet chaos. So…” Aqua looked at Evelyn. “How are you two planning on getting home?”
“I’m not entirely sure. Maybe the same way we did last time.” Blue pet Evelyn. “I still don’t know exactly what she did, but… yeah.” Evelyn chirped.
A wind chime sparkled.
“Ah, do you hear that?” Aqua looked up at the temple. “The wind is back.”
“I thought we had wind.”
“Yes, but the night wind. It’s lovely to feel the breeze.” Aqua closed his eyes.
Crickets chirped into the night.
“Well, I think it’s time, my friend.” Blue picked up Evelyn.
“Thank you for everything, Blue. For figuring this whole thing out.” Aqua embraced him. “I know I didn’t believe you at first, but… really. Thank you.”
“Maybe I’ll come back and visit. If I get this whole thing sorted out, that is.”
“Wait. Take this.” He pulled a beaded bracelet off of his wrist. “It’s not much, but maybe it’s something to remember me by.”
“Thank you. I’ll hold onto this. Farewell, my friend.”
Evelyn started flapping her wings, and they teleported out of the world.
As the sun set on Aqua’s world, it rose on the Land of the Light. Master Q watched the island.
“It’s growing,” he told himself. “Why is the rift growing?” The island stood motionless, the swaying of the trees its only movement. The grand hole hid itself behind some shrubs, shielding itself from all eyes. However, as the crack grew, Master Q knew he couldn’t avoid looking at it any longer. “Close up!” He felt the stone in his pocket. It felt lighter than before. “Oh.” He took the stone out of my pocket. “Well, then.” He smiled. “Maybe we’ll be alright up here.” He looked at the island one last time.


Penelope

“Well, look who’s back.” Master Q walked over to Blue and Evelyn. “Did you leave Aqua behind?”
“Yeah. He wanted to stay there - which is completely fair.” Blue released Evelyn. “She’s been incredibly helpful.”
“Hence why I gave her to you.” Master Q stuck out his hand and Evelyn flew over to it. “I’ve had her for awhile.”
Evelyn chirped.
“Well, then,” said Blue. “Where to next?”
“Ah, that’s what I wanted to talk to you about. I’m trying to figure it out.”
“Sir!” An angel walked over to them. “They’re sensing a disruption out at sea.”
“Ah, very well. Thank you.” Master Q turned back to Blue. “Have you ever driven a boat before?”
“No.”
“That’s alright. We have a captain anyway. Here, we need you to get the boat. I’ll get you some help.” He turned away from Blue. “Penelope!”
“Yes, father?” A girl walked over, staring at Blue. “Is this your guy?”
“Yes, dear. I need you two to get the boat from the island. You remember where it is, right?”
“Yes. Let’s go.”
“Wait.” Master Q stuck out his hand, forming a cloud. “You’ll need this to get there.”
“I know,” she said. “Obviously.”
“Very well, then. Blue, just stick with her, ok?”
“Let’s go.” She pulled on his wrist and dragged him to the cloud. Evelyn followed them from behind.
“Be careful,” said Master Q. “And Blue,” he lowered his voice, “sorry you have to deal with her.”
“Come here.” Penelope knelt on the cloud. “Have you been on one of these yet?”
“Yes.” Blue stepped onto it.
“Good. Stop.” Penelope stood up. “You’re putting too much weight on it.”
“How do you want me to do it?” Blue stood up.
“Do it like that. It’ll give me more control.” Penelope knelt back down.
“I’m probably going to fall if I stand.”
“Fine.” Penelope rolled her eyes. “Get down.” Blue knelt onto the cloud, and Evelyn sat on his shoulder. “Alright, hold on.”
Penelope steered the cloud off of the larger cloud platform, over the ocean.
“So,” said Blue, “how’s it going? I don’t think I properly introduced myself.”
“Why do you care?” She dove the cloud down. “You’re the one who gets to go on the adventure.”
“Well,” Blue feigned a smile, “my whole world was also destroyed, so maybe it’s not so bad for you.”
Penelope silently guided the cloud toward the island. Blue watched as they floated closer to the land, Evelyn holding on the entire time.
“Look,” she turned to him. “I think we got off on the wrong foot.”
“Well, that’s quite alright. I’m Blue.”
“I’m Penelope. But you already knew that, didn’t you?” Evelyn chirped. “Sorry. My father doesn’t want me going on the journey for some reason.”
“Are you physically able to leave this place? What’s the deal with that?”
“Yes, I’m allowed to go to the worlds. Or I’m able to. Dad won’t allow me to. The only place we can’t go is down into the island’s crevice. Not that many would even want to.” She paused for a moment. “Alright, we’re here.” They stepped off the cloud. “We keep a boat here just in case we have to use it.”
“Wait, but if we can go by boat, why don’t we just fly the cloud over?”
“They fizzle if they go out for too long.”
A small row boat floated, tied to a post on the beach.
“Are you saying we have to row this out? I thought Master Q said the boat would need to have a captain.”
“Unless this was the wrong boat.”
“Penelope!” Master Q floated down on a cloud. “No, not that one. Where - oh.”
“What?”
“Well, you see, we kept it stored up
THIS IS WEIRD FIGURE IT OUT
Chapter 2
Behind the Sunshine
The Shores Beyond

“Wake up, folks,” Captain Shelby shouted. “We’re here.”
Blue slowly opened his eyes, the sun blinding him. As he stood up, he stared up at the lush cliffs ahead of him.
“Captain,” he said, “where exactly… are we?”
“Not sure, lad. We’ll have to ask around. Lady Penelope?” He walked over to her. “Lady Penelope, we’re here.” She opened her eyes. “Now, remember, your father wants you to behave.”
“Yeah, yeah,” she brushed herself off. “Where are we, anyway?”
“Alright, our first plan should be to find out where we are. Blue, go do that.”
As Blue stepped off the ship onto the dock, Penelope began to follow him.
“Nope.” Captain Shelby stood in front of her. “Sorry, your father’s orders.”
“Are you joking?”
“Nope.” Captain Shelby looked towards the cliffs. “Not entirely sure where we’re gonna park this. Oh, great.” FIX THIS BC HOW BIG IS THE BOAT
“What?”
“Penelope, watch out.” As a hole appeared in the boat, it began to sink. “Must’ve hit something on the way in. Well, that solves our parking problem, I guess.”
“Won’t we need that to leave?”
“Eh, Blue will find a way out. He did it before. Now then, young lady.” Captain Shelby stepped off of the boat. “You stay by my side the whole time, understood?”
“Do you not trust Blue?”
“Blue’s got his own things to deal with, and babysitting you isn’t one of them. Besides, we haven’t even known him for that long.”
“I’m basically the same age as him. It won’t be babysitting.”
“Doesn’t matter. They’re your father’s orders. Now, let’s go check this place out.”
“Well.” Blue ran over to them. “I found out where we are. We’re in the town of Verderita. I’m not sure they speak your language.”
“Blue,” said Captain Shelby, “we have the same ability you do. We’ll be able to speak to them fine.”
“Good. Now, then.” Blue stroked Evelyn. “She seems energetic. Anyway, where do we go?”
“Well,” said Captain Shelby, “what did you do last time?”
“I buried a child and made the sun go down.”
“Well, then. Surely there was some significance in that child. Anything odd about him?”
“No, but I felt such a sense of dread entering that temple. As in, ‘who could do such a thing’? I’m not sure if I’m supposed to chase that feeling again?”
“That’s depressing,” said Penelope.
“It’s true,” said Captain Shelby. “But if it’s necessary, then that’s what we have to do.”
“Something went right, obviously, and it was definitely something about burying that child. But I still don’t get what that has to do with Vaud.”
“Well, it seems there are many mysteries. Maybe it’d be best to go into town and try to locate anything unusual. Lady Penelope?” Penelope began to walk away. “Penelope, where are you going?”
“Into town, like you said.”
“Your father wants you to stay with me.”
Blue blinked.
“Now then.” Captain Shelby smiled. “Shall we?”
As they walked, Blue thought once again about Aqua.
“You know, I made the mistake of telling somebody about Vaud in the last world. Thankfully, he was a very kind man. But let’s be careful not to do that again.”
“How did he react?” Penelope’s eyes widened.
“He didn’t believe me, so Evelyn brought us back to Master Q.” Evelyn chirped. “The guy looked dazed.”
“Which one?”
“Well, both of them, actually. I think Master Q was surprised that Evelyn would bring someone new back.”
“Curious.” Captain Shelby picked Evelyn up. “I’ve known Evelyn since she was young, and she’s never done anything like that before.”
“Maybe you just blundered really bad.” Penelope grabbed Evelyn from Captain Shelby. “And it was a last resort option.”
“Maybe.” Blue looked up to the cliffs. “There are some nice houses up there.”
“How lovely.” Penelope ran up to him. “Who do you think lives there?”
“Maybe a mighty king,” said Captain Shelby. “Or a hero who did a good thing.”
“How inspiring,” said Penelope.
“Guys.” Blue began to sweat.
“Oh, to live in a house like that,” said Penelope. “I’d get myself a nice garden and everything. If only I lived in a truly living, breathing, world.”
“Guys?” Blue snapped his fingers rapidly.
“Well, it would be nice,” said Captain Shelby. “But we have a duty to guard other worlds, even if we don’t quite have our own. Besides, our land is nice in its own way.”
“Evelyn’s gone!” Blue slapped his face. “I lost her last time, and I’ve lost her again!”
“Breathe.” Captain Shelby turned to him. “When was the last time you saw her?”
“It felt like she was just here - right before we were looking up at the houses.” He turned to Penelope. “Didn’t you have her?”
“Yeah, she’s right here on my shoulder.” Penelope tapped her shoulder. “Oh.”
“Well,” said Shelby. “It’s clear we can’t do anything until we get her back. Let’s try calling for her.”
“Evelyn?” Blue shouted into the town. “Evelyn?”
Nobody responded.
“Blue,” Captain Shelby turned toward him and pointed. “Look!” Blue turned toward a man on the side of the road with a caged dove.
“And look at this beautiful bird. Who wants her?”
“I do!” A young girl looked up at the cage. “Can I have her?”
“Of course you can.” Her father looked down at her. “Anything for you.”
“Well, we just have to get her ready. Take this ticket,” the man next to the cage pulled out a slip of paper and gave it to the girl, “and come down to Sunset Mansion tomorrow! We’ll have her ready for you.”
“Hey.” Blue slowly began to ran. “Hey, that’s my bird!”
“Well, folks, I have to run.” The man took the cage and bolted down the street.
“Give us our bird!” As Shelby ran past Blue, the man turned into an alleyway. “Give us…” Shelby reached the alley and looked into it. “He’s gone.”
“What?” Penelope turned into the alleyway. “Are you serious? He just took her?”
“Wait.” Blue turned to them. “He said something about a mansion. What was it called?”
“Sunset Mansion.” Shelby brushed his hair. “We just have to find out where that is, then we can confront him there.”
“This is terrible,” said Penelope.
“Hey, at least we know where she’s going,” said Blue. “Besides, maybe she’ll find a way out of there herself… ok, from what I can tell, we have a day to save her before we have no idea where she’s going.” Blue sighed. “If only we’d watched her better.”
“And what about Vaud?” Penelope turned to Shelby. “How will we figure out his thing here?”
“Vaud will have to wait.” Shelby looked up to the cliffs. “On that note, though, does anything feel particularly… off about this place?”
“Good point.” Blue looked out at the town. “Last time, the world was placed in an eternal sunset.” He looked up. “Not this time.”
“That was obvious,” said Penelope. “Thanks.”
“I-” Blue caught himself and inhaled. “Let’s just go to the mansion and see what’s up with this whole thing.”
“Lady Penelope.” Shelby dug into his bag and dug out a water bottle. “Your father requested you drink this.”
“Why?” She rolled her eyes.
“He didn’t want you to be thirsty.”
“I’ll drink when I want to.” She rubbed her forehead, then quickly turned to him. “Actually, can I have it?”
“Certainly.” He gave her the water bottle.
“I’m going to go ask someone where Sunset Mansion is. I’ll be right back.” Blue walked into the crowd.
“Penelope, be nice to him.” Shelby turned to her. “He’s trying to help us.”
“He keeps pointing out the obvious stuff.”
“Detectives usually do. This stuff takes time, you know.” He turned to the town. “Besides, what’s the alternative? Him doing nothing? Is that what you want? Him to just bumble around, complaining the whole time?”
“That’s not what I meant.”
“I’m sure it’s not, but it could be how he took it. Be nice. Here he comes.” Shelby turned towards Blue. “So what’s the deal?”
“Look up in the hills up there. See that white house?” Blue pointed up at the hills behind Shelby. “That’s Sunset Mansion. Apparently it’s named that way because the sun shines through at just the right angle at sunset or something - I don’t know. The guy I asked told me that.”
“What’s the security situation looking like?” Shelby looked towards the mansion.
“The guy didn’t say. But apparently it belongs to a very wealthy family, so I can’t imagine it would be that easy to just confront them.”
“Great.” Penelope looked towards the house. “What are we supposed to do now?”
“Well,” said Blue, “we could maybe scope the place out. Obviously it’ll be impossible to get through legally, and we can’t replicate that girl’s ticket, so we’ll have to break in to get Evelyn back. Here, we should probably start planning.”
“Are you sure about this?” Shelby turned to Blue. “We could figure something else out.”
“I’m sure. And… I don’t know why, but I feel like there’s something up about that place.”
A Most Wonderful Plan

The trio sat high on the Verderita cliffs, overlooking Sunset Mansion.
“It’s so beautiful,” said Penelope.
“It is,” said Shelby. “Alright, we could easily jump over the fence over to the pool - then the question is whether or not the door is alarmed.”
“I think once we have Evelyn, she could do some tricks.” Blue stood up to get a better view. “We wouldn’t be able to leave this land, obviously, considering we still have to figure out what’s going on with Vaud.”
“Of course. Would there be any way to get through an upper-level window? There’s a chance that one might not be trapped.”
“Well, we could smash it open. The question is - who might be in the room? And where is Evelyn? Remember - we only have the rest of the day to figure it out.”
“Of course.” Shelby rubbed his forehead. “How are we going to figure this out today?”
“Well,” said Penelope. “I figure we just wing it.”
“What? You can’t be serious.”
“Well, clearly nothing else is working. And how can we know for sure who’ll be in the house tonight? At this rate, there’s no hope in planning. The day’s going by fast, and we still don’t even know how to get in.” She stood up. “I’m going to knock on the door myself and give them a piece of my mind.”
“She might be right.” Shelby stood up. “We might just have to go in loud.” He looked toward the mansion. “I mean, I think going in through a top floor window might be the play.”
“If they leave it unlocked, we can still just slide it open and go in quietly.”
“That is true.” Shelby walked after Penelope. “Penelope, get back here.” He began to ran. “Penelope, your father will kill me if you run off.”
“Actually?” She slowed down.
“No. But he won’t be happy.”
She started running again.
“It’s no use.” Shelby sighed and shook his head. “She’ll never listen.”
“Yeah, she’s kind of annoying me. None of this helps us.”
“She likes to fight control.” Shelby sat down and patted the ground next to him. Blue knelt down. “Her father has been very protective of her. She does not think like you and I do. Honestly, I don’t even want to babysit her right now. But her father would be very disappointed if he found out I let her go off on her own.” He picked a flower.
“I see.” Blue stared down at the town. “Do you think we should stop her?”
“Oh, she won’t even make it to the bottom of this hill. She’ll come back - I know she will.”
“I just have to wonder, though.” Blue inhaled. “Why did she even want to come if she was going to whine the whole time?”
“Be nice. She’s nice if you get to know her.” Shelby stood up. “You want to know something?”
“What?”
“I used to live in a world, just like you.”
“Really?”
“Well, of course. It wasn’t until one day I woke up the wrong way and found myself in the Land of the Light. Being in between worlds had its perks - for one, have you ever felt hungry while there?”
“Well, no, I guess I haven’t. Weird that my body can just… do that.”
“Anything’s possible when you don’t live in a confined world. But it can get monotonous.”
“What about Master Q? Has he always lived in the Land of the Light?”
“Well, that’s a story for another day. Let’s just say he was there before there was a Land of the Light.”
“So have you ever felt like going home?”
“Of course I have. But I’ve never been quite sure how to get there. And…” Shelby looked away from the mansion. “Here she comes.” He waved to Penelope. “Where did you go?”
“Well, I was going to give them a piece of my mind, but they probably have super strong security.”
“We already established that.”
“So now we’re back at square one?”
“Ok.” Blue stood up. “Let’s just sneak in through an upstairs window. If it’s unlocked, we can go quietly. If it’s locked, we just have to break in loud.”
“Do we have anything that can break a window?” Shelby looked at the ground and picked up a rock. “Would this work?”
“Perfect.”
“So when are we doing this?”
“At night.”
“Well.” Penelope looked towards the town. “I’m hungry. Can we get something to eat?”
“Penelope, we don’t have any money.” Shelby walked over to her. “I’d rather we keep our presence here as minimal as possible, considering what we’ll have to do tonight.”
“And what if the plan fails?”
“Vaud’s there,” Blue blurted out.
“What?” Shelby turned to him
“I don’t know, it…” He looked toward the mansion. It looked so… familiar? But so distant. And not very nice. As if it was the shell of a nice thing he once knew. “I felt this way last time when I saw a tree on the way to the temple.”
“But it wasn’t the temple itself.”
“No, but it was close to it. And even closer to this pond. Aqua told me that it granted answers, and it told us that Vaud is somehow associated with the number 6. I reckon he’s connected with 6 worlds, but I’m not entirely sure. Look - my point is, even if not just for Evelyn, we have to go there. It just feels right. So we don’t really have any other option.”
“Does my father know what we’re doing?”
“I hope not,” said Shelby. “Or I’ll be a dead man. But there are some things we must have to do for those who love. And, Penelope,” he turned to her. “Do not speak a word of this to him unless he asks us first.”
“Of course. That’d be my last adventure ever. It would end where it started. But...” She looked toward the mansion. “This still seems like a dumb idea. Are you sure we shouldn’t just call the police or something?”
“We’re going in circles here,” said Blue. “Besides, the plan is already set. We don’t even know if their police will work with us. We’re outsiders here.”
“Well, what are we supposed to do for the next however many hours?”
“I don’t mind chatting,” said Shelby. “Hey, Blue, what was your world like?”
“It was nice. It was like any other world, really.”
“That’s nice. Wait.” He squinted. “How are we supposed to get up to the window?”
“Good call. Look down at the pool. See that shed?”
“Yeah.”
“We climb over the fence to get to the pool, then climb up onto the shed - since the roof is so low - then from there, jump to that lip on the side of the house and climb into a second floor window. So we won’t have to climb in at the very top.”
“Got it.”
“You guys are all over the place,” said Penelope.
“Penelope, please.” Shelby sighed. “We just realized that the plan needed a bit of fine-tuning. Unless you’re trying to contribute, don’t speak on it.”
“Penelope.” Blue turned to her. “Ah, never mind.”
“What? What were you going to say?”
“It’s nothing, really.”
“Say it.”
“Can you actually be useful for once? Ever since we were on that cloud you’ve just been so snippy.”
“Whoa,” said Shelby. “If we’re doing this, we need everyone to be on board.” He turned to them. “Penelope, he’s right. You’ve been exceptionally moody today. But Blue, be nice. Shake hands and let’s leave this behind us.” Blue stuck out his hand and Penelope reluctantly shook it. “You two will have to be the best of friends from now on if we want to get anything done. Understand?”
“Yes,” they both said in unison.
“Good. I’m not going to be able to go with you next time, so there’s a chance that it might just be you two.”
“My father would never let me go out without one of his men.”
“I wouldn’t be so surprised. He’s been letting up recently.”
“Really?” Penelope’s eyes widened.
“That’s what I got from him, anyway. Look, I know this is hard for you. But sometimes we have to agree to do things we don’t want to. And sometimes, things change. But change can be good, even if scary.” Shelby walked over to her. “Life is just a big show, you see? And sometimes you have to be ready for whatever it brings you. I guess what I’m saying is… well, I’m not entirely sure.”
“You’re telling me that I have to be a hero? I have to step up and just… do it?”
“Yeah, something like that. You just have to give it all you’ve got.” He turned to Blue. “Are you sensing anything new from the mansion?”
“Same as before. Still feels weird to look at it. It’s like… something’s off.”
“Very well, then. We’ll strike at night. For now, let’s just bask in the sun.”
They sat under a tree and enjoyed the sunshine.
Storming Sunset Mansion

“They’re doing what?” Master Q stared at the sun.
“What’s it looking like, sir?” An angel floated over.
“Seems like they’ll be performing some type of plan to get Evelyn back. I should’ve never sent Penelope.”
“Sir, didn’t you send Shelby with them?”
“Yes, but I can’t imagine why he’d let her do this.”
“Shelby’s known her for her whole life.” The angel turned to him. “Do you trust his judgment?”
“I suppose so. I look away for one minute and now they’re talking about… this?”
“Would you rather them come back without Evelyn?”
“Of course not! I just don’t know why they’d bring Penelope.”
“In all fairness, sir, their boat sank. I’m not sure how they’d quite get back without Evelyn. If Penelope doesn’t go with them, she’s doomed to stay in that world forever.”
“Ah, I assume you’re right. I just wish they’d be more careful than to get into these situations.”
“Do you trust Blue and Shelby?”
“Yes, I suppose I do.” Master Q continued to stare at the sun. “I just hope they make it. If they don’t, I’m sure I can send in more men to get them back.”
“I’ve been watching the sun, sir. Blue thinks there might be a link to Vaud in the mansion anyway.”
“Ah, I see. Well, if he was right the last time, I won’t hold him.” Master Q looked away from the sun. “Very well, then.”
“Sir, who’ll accompany Blue next time? Will Penelope be able to tag along without Shelby?”
“I’ve been thinking about that. And I’m not entirely sure I know the answer yet.” Master Q sighed.
As the trio waited patiently on the hill above the mansion, the last light in the house flickered off.
“Seems like everyone’s gone to bed.” Shelby slowly rose up and beckoned the others to come with him.
“Remind me of the plan,” whispered Penelope.
“We’re climbing the fence, climbing onto the shed, and then going up to a second-floor window.” Shelby slowed down. “Careful walking down.”
As they walked down the hill, Blue felt his feet lose traction.
“Guys, I’m going to fall.”
And down he went. As his legs went flying forward in front of him, he crashed into Penelope and the two went tumbling down.
“Are you ok?” Shelby walked over.
“Yeah,” Blue whispered, brushing himself off. Penelope started crying.
“Penelope, hush. What’s wrong?” Shelby walked over.
“My leg hurts.”
“We can’t deal with that right now. Shake it off.”
Penelope slowly stood up and found her footing.
“Right,” she said. “Sorry.”
They rushed through the bristly grass to the wooden pool fence.
“Okay,” whispered Shelby. “This should be easy enough to hop. Proceed after me.” Shelby jumped up and grabbed the top of the fence, pulling himself up and crossing over. Blue followed and waited for Penelope.
“I can’t do it. I’m not strong enough.” Penelope grabbed the top of the fence. Blue quickly climbed back to the top and pulled her over.
“Are you good?”
“I think so. I don’t know if I can do it again.”
“Well, we’re gonna have to. Let’s go. I’ve got you.” They ran across the patio together.
“Are you guys good?” Shelby turned back. Blue gave a thumbs-up, illuminated by the moonlight. Shelby jumped up onto the roof and laid on the ground.
“Alright.” Blue pulled himself up to the roof and turned around. “I’ve got you. Let’s go.” Penelope grabbed his hands and he pulled her up.
As Blue crawled after Shelby, Penelope stuck by his side.
Shelby waited for them by the window. “Moment of truth,” he whispered. He tried the window, and it slowly slid open. Shelby and Blue sighed. Shelby motioned the other two to stay and checked inside the window. He brought his head back out and turned to them. “Not a bedroom. Let’s go.” He slowly stepped back in, and Blue followed him. As he turned around, he saw that Penelope was still on the roof.
“What are you doing?” He stared at her.
“I’m trying.” She pulled herself up to the windowsill. Blue grabbed her arms and pulled her through the window.
Bookshelves lined the room, and a globe stood in its center, reflecting the moonlight from outside.
“Ok,” whispered Shelby. “We don’t know where she’s being held right now.” He walked over to the door on the other side of the room and slowly turned the knob. The door creaked open. “Follow me.” They followed him out into the hallway, slowly walking down the marble corridor.
“She’s probably downstairs,” Blue whispered. “Here, stay back.” He took the lead and slowly walked down the hallway.
Something creaked, and Penelope froze.
“We have to go.” Shelby pulled her. “Let’s go.”
“I’m scared.”
Blue walked over to her and turned to Shelby. “Go ahead.” He waved to him. “Here, I’ve got you.” He grabbed Penelope’s hand, and they continued walking down the wide hallway.
“There’s so many doors.” Penelope looked down the hall. “How will we know where she is?”
“We won’t. But I’ll assume she’s downstairs.”
“What if any of these doors are locked?”
“Then I’m not sure. Let’s take it one step at a time.” Shelby turned left into a wide staircase. The moonlight from outside shone onto Blue and Penelope as they followed him.
As they rounded the bend and continued down the stairs, Penelope squeezed Blue’s hand. At the bottom of the stairs, Blue turned right through a doorway and found himself in a large foyer.
“This place is huge,” Shelby whispered. “Where do you reckon we go?”
“Well, there’s another doorway on the other side,” whispered Blue, “but I’ll assume that’s just another staircase. Maybe. Or maybe not. Here, let’s check out the foyer.” They walked deeper into the room. Blue turned left and found two smaller staircases on either side of the foyer, with a doorway between them. “Here, let’s try staying down here before going up.” Shelby walked between the staircases into another hallway, and turned right into the first door. “Well, I think this is the kitchen.”
On the center countertop, the moonlight illuminated a cage. Penelope walked over to it.
“Is that…?” Penelope stared at the cage. “Where’s the key?”
“Oh.” Shelby looked at the sleeping Evelyn. “Yes, I suppose we need to free her first, don’t we? Do we think the key is just on the table?”
“It’s not here,” said Penelope. “Maybe check some of the drawers? But quietly.”
“Look at you, wanting to be all quiet now,” said Blue. “Shelby, you do that. I’m going to see if I can figure this place out. Like I said - I think he knew this place.” Blue slowly left the kitchen.
“Wait.” Penelope ran over. “Take me with you.”
“Sure. Shelby, keep looking.”
As Shelby waved them out of the room, they slowly walked down the hallway.
“So…” Penelope whispered.
“What?”
“Well, he’s not here anymore, is he?”
“Who’s not here? What are you talking about?” Blue took the lead. “Vaud?”
“No, Shelby!”
“Lower your voice. And he’s finding the key.” Blue turned around. “I’m surprised we haven’t seen anyone yet. This place is so huge - how many people actually live here?”
“Maybe we can try this next room on the left?” Penelope shivered.
“Sure,” said Blue. He read the sign above the room. “Ballroom. Let’s check it out.”
“Wow,” said Penelope, as the moonlight shone through the large windows onto them. “It’s beautiful.”
“Hold on.” Blue looked out the window to his left. “What’s that shed?”
“What shed?”
“Look - out the window. There’s a shed there.” They looked at the brown shed to their left. “It doesn’t look like it fits the architecture at all.”
“Interesting.” Penelope clasped her hands in front of her. “Do you want to dance?”
“What?”
“Well, we’re in a ballroom. Would you like to dance?”
“I don’t know how to dance.”
“Here, I’ll teach you.”
“Well…” Blue looked to his left, then his right. The room was silent. “Ok, fine. But only for a minute.”
“Here, put your arm on my back.” She moved Blue’s arm. “And I’ll do the same.” She moved hers. “Now, your other hand.” She clasped it. “Nice.” They began to dance. “Here, let’s move this way.” They went to the center of the room. Blue’s eyes darted.
As they danced, Blue thought more about the shed outside - what could be inside of it?
And how was Shelby doing?
“Penelope.” Blue slowly spoke. “Uh.”
“What?” She twirled him.
“Penelope, we need to keep searching.”
“Oh.” She released him. “Ok.”
“There’s a door here. Let’s check out that shed.”
“But what if we can’t get back in? What about Shelby?”
“Go back to Shelby,” said Blue. “I’ll check this out myself. Besides, it seems like I’m the one who has this strange… connection to Vaud.”
“Are you sure you don’t want me to stay?”
“It works better this way.”
“Ok, then.” She turned to him then left the ballroom. Blue walked outside, greeted by the warm Verderita air.
“What a night.” He looked up at the stars as he crawled his way over to the shed. He thought about the dance - why had Penelope been so insistent on doing that?
He felt the nostalgic feeling grow as he approached the shed; almost a bittersweet sort of thing. It was covered in moss and dust, glittering in the moonlight. The door had no handle - he tried pushing it, but it didn’t give. He kicked it, and it refused.
He kicked it again, yet it didn’t budge.
He kicked it a third time, and the door flew open.
It smelled awful; like something rotting. Blue entered, webs breaking off the door as he did so. A lantern sat in the corner, which he turned on. It flickered, but allowed him to see.
The room was suspiciously empty, as if something had once been inside.
“Almost as if they were trying to hide something,” Blue muttered to himself. This room was so uninteresting, but the connection felt so strong. He noticed a shovel against the wall; one of few items. Blue lifted the lantern to the center of the room and hung it on a hook on the ceiling.
As the flickering light illuminated the room, Blue noticed a small carving on the opposite wall. He went to read it.

We built this place for them.
No matter what, our legacy will never be forgotten.
Slaves in their eyes, we are the true architects.
And we will build our own selves in this life and beyond.

-John

Blue read the letter to himself.
“John?” He said aloud. Suddenly, a loud crackling noise filled the property. Blue rushed out of the shed and saw the mansion slowly shake.
“Penelope? Shelby? Evelyn?” Blue ran over to the ballroom and pulled on the door, which opened. Penelope and Shelby ran over as Evelyn sat on the latter’s shoulder.
“What’s going on?” A voice called from the hallway. “Who are you?”
“Shelby!” Blue yelled. “We need to get out of here! Give her to me!” Shelby followed him out of the room.
“What did you do?” Shelby stared at him.
“I went into that shed right there.” Blue pointed at the shed, still intact. “I read some text.”
“Blue, there are people still inside.” Shelby turned to the mansion. “We can’t just leave them. This place is gonna collapse.”
“Where’s Penelope?” Blue stared into the mansion - Penelope was still in the ballroom. “Shelby, get the others. I have to talk to her.” They ran into the building. “What are you doing?” She was frozen in place. “Penelope, we need to go.”
She blinked, then passed out.
Blue put his arm around her and slowly brought her out of the ballroom. He dropped her on the ground and stayed by her side.
Shelby ran outside.
“She fainted.” Blue looked up toward him.
“I’m gonna go back in.” Shelby looked toward him. “Stay with her.”
Blue sat down next to Penelope, who slowly opened her eyes.
“What happened?”
“We’ll be ok.”
Chapter 3
A Two-Faced Valley
The Lands Down Under

“Penelope?” Blue called out as he stood up. The sky was a deep purple, with green swirls in it. “Penelope, where are you?” The rocks below him felt warm.
He navigated the rocky ravine, looking up at the jutting crags.
“Penelope?” Blue looked up again at the sky - it didn’t look like the real sky. It looked floaty and animated. Evelyn chirped from his shoulder.
He couldn’t tell where he was - it seemed the narrow path ahead extended to the horizon. He grabbed onto Evelyn and she flew up into the air. Blue watched the crags grow smaller - they extended in every direction as far as he could see. He looked up - the purple and green seemed to grow closer, but he dared not fly into them.
As they flew higher, Blue spotted a massive glowing pit in the distance.
“Here, let’s go this way.” They flew over to it, its molten reds staring directly at them. They landed directly next to the pit. In its center rested a massive rock, lodged into a hole.
“Well, then.” Blue stared at it - what could be underneath?
“Get away from that thing,” a voice cried out from behind them. Blue turned around, greeted by an old man.
“Where are we?” he asked.
“You don’t know? We’re in the Underlands. How did you die?”
“I’m not dead. And what’s in that pit?”
“Legend says they sealed a powerful force in there. You don’t want to go near it, and you most certainly do not want to remove that rock.”
“Ah, interesting.” Blue looked at the rock again. “So, how do I leave?”
“One does not leave the Underlands. Well, if you’re dead. If you’re telling the truth - which I highly doubt - you’ll have to find a hole in the fog. That would let you back up to the surface.”
“I’m looking for someone down here. Have you seen a girl?”
“Aha, no. It won’t be long before she’s absorbed into the rock.”
“I already told you we aren’t dead.”
“Aha. Good luck with that.” The man turned around. “Like I said, if you’re telling the truth, this place has no bounds.” He continued walking.
Blue stared again at the pit, and then up at the clouds. Surely he could leave if he wanted to - but where was Penelope?
And that pit! It made him feel… well, he couldn’t quite put it into words.
“Well, girl.” He pet Evelyn. “We don’t have much to work with right now. It seems like these rocks extend as far as the eye can see. And what else? Souls get trapped in them? Surely not Penelope’s - she’s not dead. But where do we even go?”
“Excuse me.” An old man approached them.
“What is it now?”
“Ah, I’m not the same person you were just talking to. There are lots of us, you see?”
Blue blinked.
“Anyway.” The old man turned around. “We’ve just received report that there’s a girl out… that way.” he pointed in front of him. “I’m not sure how you two arrived here, but I’m assuming you got here together?” Blue nodded. “Just go out that way and you’ll find her.”
“How far out that way?”
“Who’s to say? Surely not too far, right?” The old man turned to Blue. “Might be a long walk.”
“I’ve got flight,” said Blue, stroking Evelyn.
“Well, good luck finding a girl with that. You might overshoot her.” The man looked in the pit. “Ah, the beast is sleeping well today, isn’t he?”
The ground shook.
“I stand corrected.” The old man backed away from the pit.
“What’s that?” asked Blue.
“The beast. I assume the other warden told you about him?” Blue nodded. “Sometimes it gets a little bit angry and tries to break free. Rumor says that its soul broke free long ago.”
“That’s… pleasant.” Blue took a step back from the pit.
“Get used to it while you’re here. Well, then. I must be off. Unless you have more questions?”
“I think I’m all set. Thank you.” Blue grabbed Evelyn’s leg and she flew up into the air, just above the crags. “Alright.” They flew in a straight line, Blue watching down at the dusty rocks. “These don’t look like the rocks I’m used to, girl.” They continued flying, the purple and green swirls of the land painting the sky.
“Wait.” Blue looked down - something was on the ground. “Down, Evelyn.” They flew down.
Penelope laid on the ground, eyes closed.
“Penelope?” Blue leaned over her. “Penelope, are you good?” Evelyn hopped off his shoulder and walked over to her. “Wake up.”
Penelope laid motionless.
“You’ve got to be kidding me. Again?”
“Excuse me, sir. Please don’t interact with the dead.” A warden approached him.
“She’s not dead. C’mon, I’m getting you out of here.” He picked up Penelope. “Evelyn, let’s go. Actually, wait. How am I supposed to do this?” He placed Penelope back down, and she opened her eyes.
“Where are we?”
“Oh, thank goodness.” He reached out his hand and she grabbed it. “We’re somewhere called the Underlands. We need to get out of here, but the only way out is up.”
“What?”
“We fell down the hole, remember? Back in the Land of the Light?”
“Oh, right. So this is our area, then? The place we have to work with?”
“I’m not sure.”
“Is… Vaud here, in some form?”
“I’m not sure of that either. I don’t think I’ve really felt anything. Well, now that you mention it, I sort of did earlier. But not really right now. Look - this place doesn’t seem amazing. We should leave.”
“I like these rocks.” She touched one.
“I don’t know if these are actually rocks.” Blue recalled what the warden had said earlier. “Let’s go.”
“But how? There are two of us and one Evelyn.”
“I can grab her, you can grab me, we can get out. If she can support one person, she can support two. Excuse me?” He turned to the warden. “Do you know where the nearest… sky hole is?”
“Ah, not here, that’s for sure. Why are you even here if you’re not dead?”
“Look, just tell us where the hole is.” Penelope approached him. “You’ve gotta know!”
“Ah, impatient, aren’t we? Very well, then. The sky holes move. You might have to wait until you see one.”
“Nothing here,” said Blue. “I don’t want to fly through those clouds either.” He watched as the purple sky seemed to cackle. “We’ll have to fly to one. Let’s go.” He grabbed Evelyn, and she slowly lifted them up. Penelope grabbed Blue’s shoulders, and Evelyn soared high. Blue spotted a change in terrain - the rocky cliffs mellowed out into some gray hills, and a green river flowed through them. “I don’t want to know what that is. It definitely isn’t water.”
Groaning sounds echoed throughout the Underlands - Blue knew not their source.
“I’d rather not find out.” Evelyn flew closer to the sky.
“Blue, what exactly is above here?” Penelope gripped his leg tighter.
“I didn’t ask, but it’s gotta be better than this place. I mean, look at this.” A lava geyser shot out of a gray hill ahead. “Watch out, Evelyn.”
Evelyn darted around the geyser.
“What do you know about this place so far?” Penelope stared down at the valley below.
“Well, there’s apparently some sort of creature sealed under a rock. That’s where I got the feeling I mentioned to you. Apparently this is a place for the dead, or something like that.”
“So we’re in Hell?”
“A version of it, I suppose.” Blue stared up at the purple and green swirl ahead.
“This place smells weird.”
“Yeah, I think these rocks have souls inside of them, so just be thankful it doesn’t smell worse.”
“How are we supposed to find Vaud here? Didn’t you say you felt your connection back at the demon’s pit?”
“Yeah, I’m not testing that at all. I’m gonna see what info I can gather.”
“Is the demon Vaud?”
“Let’s not get ahead of ourselves just yet. Like I said, we need some more context before making any choices. I’m not just going to go over to that pit and try to move the rock. That would quite literally be suicide.”
“What else can you do?”
“Well,” Blue grabbed Evelyn tighter, “we could do a lot of things. We could try actually talking to people first. Who knows what I even have to do this time? I read some words in a shed last time and it caused the whole place to collapse. And then before that, I buried a child. So there’s not really a consistent theme.” Blue looked at the crags down below, covered in fog. “Plus, I’d rather not stay down here if I don’t have to.”
“Blue, look!” Penelope pointed at a gap in the clouds.
“Perfect.” Evelyn flew higher through the hole. Blue watched as they ascended through a stone tunnel - it started vertical but quickly turned horizontal. As Evelyn flew through the cave, its darkness shrouded them. Soon, Blue saw a light. It got closer, closer, closer…
The trio popped out of a hillside and landed in a flower patch. The sky above, painted with gold and orange, welcomed them. Blue looked up at the trees, their green leaves swaying in the breeze.
“Well,” said Penelope. “That was fun.”
The Grumbling Swamp

“What a wonderful place. It’s so nice and warm.” Penelope looked into the distance. “I feel like I’m in a fairytale or something.”
“It’s just so different than the Underlands.” Blue looked up into the orange sky - it really did feel like a fairytale of sorts.
“Here, my dear.” Penelope handed Blue a rose. “From only the most sacred valley.”
My dear?
“Thank you.” Blue took the rose. “Here, carry this.” He put it in Evelyn’s beak. Looking down at the ground, Blue saw several flowers, including multiple red roses.
“Well, where to first?” Penelope approached him. “If you think Vaud was down there, then what’s up here?”
“Maybe we can walk a bit, try to see if we can find someone. Maybe they can tell us what’s going on.”
The ground rumbled.
“Did you feel that?” Penelope looked up at him.
“Yeah, that’s not good. That was happening down in the Underlands, too. One of the guys told me that it’s the beast that’s doing that.”
“Oh my. You’re right - we need answers. Look!” Penelope pointed in the distance. “A rainbow! And it’s so bright, too!”
Blue stared at the color splash in the distance.
“Isn’t that something?” He smiled.
“We should stay here forever.” She watched a squirrel go up a tree. “It’s so beautiful and… perfect. It’s just perfect.” She looked at Blue. “Would you like to stay here with me?”
The ground rumbled.
“Penelope, we have to go. I don’t know how long that beast has been down there, but it seems to me that it wants to get out. First, we should get our bearings.” Blue looked in all directions. Behind him, the tunnel they came out of - he knew that for certain.
“Ok, let’s see. To our left we have… well, looks like a flower patch and some hills. To our right, it seems it opens up into some sort of field. And in front of us…” He looked through the trees ahead. “Ahead of us seems to be some form of swamp.”
“I wish we could explore it all.” Penelope ran into the field and dove onto the ground. “The grass here is so nice.”
“Penelope. Get up.”
“Sorry.” She stood up. “Ok, where do you think people might be?”
“That’s what I’m trying to think about. Maybe the way you’re going. I mean, you seem to love the field - why wouldn’t the others?” Blue followed her onto the field. “Hey, you’re right. This is nice.” As he was about to lie down, the ground rumbled. “We need to go.”
“You’re right. I’m sorry.”
Blue stared out into the distance - hills lied beyond the field.
Evelyn chirped.
“Ah, why didn’t I think of that? We can just fly over the land. Stay here - I’m just going up.” He grabbed onto Evelyn and she flew him up into the air.
His jaw dropped - the beautiful lush landscape went out to the horizon in all directions, with the aforementioned swamp much larger than it once looked. In the distance beyond the hills, he made out a cluster of houses - a village?
“Well, Penelope,” he said as he landed, “I think I know where we’ll be going. See those hills beyond the field?” She nodded. “Past there I spotted a village. Maybe they can give us a rundown of what that beast actually is.”
“Wonderful.” She looked at him. “I wonder how long it’s been trapped down there? Or what it once was when it roamed the surface?”
“We don’t even know what it is now. Alright, let’s go to town. Get ready to fly.” He grabbed Evelyn, and she began to flap her wings. “Penelope?”
“Can we walk?”
“You’ve got to be joking. It’s way too far. Grab on.”
Penelope hugged Blue.
“Hey, grab my shoulders instead. I don’t want you dragging us both down.”
Penelope readjusted her grip.
“Alright, girl, take us up.” Evelyn began flapping her wings. “To the village.”
“What do you think that beast is?” Penelope tried to turn back to the tunnel.
“Careful. And I don’t really know. Maybe something evil once roamed this world, and they captured it?”
“Maybe it’s just misunderstood.”
“I wouldn’t count on it.” Blue looked down at the valley below.
“This place is so beautiful. It’s so crazy that that’s below all this.”
“Yes, I’d say that’s a shame.”
“What do you think Shelby’s doing right now?” Penelope’s eyes widened.
“I don’t know. I’m not the one who’s known him my whole life, am I?”
“Maybe he’s helping Father with something. Or maybe he’s at home. Or maybe he’s thinking about our journey.”
“I liked him. He was a nice guy.”
“I don’t really like how he kept watching me.”
“Seems like it wasn’t his choice. From what I saw, he was trying his best to let you do what you wanted.”
“Really?” Penelope grabbed on tighter.
“I’d say so. I mean, he let you go into the mansion with us.”
“He didn’t have a choice.”
“Maybe. But still.”
Evelyn flew higher.
“You know, I liked that place.” Penelope stared down. “Verderita. Too bad we couldn’t have done anything there.”
“Yeah, if Evelyn hadn’t been taken, we could’ve taken our time. But we would’ve ended up at the same place either way, so I guess it isn’t too bad.” He paused. “Shelby’s a real hero. When you were out, he went back in and saved all those people.”
“What were you doing?”
“It’s not important.”
“Ooh, look at that river!” Penelope pointed down at a vibrant stream below them. Some deer crossed over it.
“It’s nice,” said Blue. As they flew over the hills, he saw stone houses come into view. “There.” He pointed down at the village. “Birdie, take us down.”
“Did you just call her ‘Birdie’?”
“It has a nice ring to it.”
The trio slowly descended, and Evelyn dropped them onto the grass. A gravel pathway slowly began in front of them, and led forward into the village.
“Forget Verderita.” Penelope’s eyes widened. “This place is lovely.” She ran ahead.
“Wait.” Blue chased after her. “Penelope.” She slowed down. “Penelope, we don’t know what these people are like. Act calm.” As they slowly walked into town, Blue placed his hand over Evelyn. “Wouldn’t want her to get taken again.” He approached a robed man. “Excuse me, sir. We’re new here. Where exactly are we?”
“Ah, welcome! This is our lovely town. We call it Ivyburg.” The man smiled at Blue. “What brings you here?”
“Well,” Blue froze. “We’re on a bit of a mission right now, and were curious if we could learn a bit about that… thing… that’s in the Underlands.”
“Ah, you’ve heard about the Wretched One. The Underlands are a dark and scary place - you see? They say that nobody who’s entered has ever escaped.”
Blue blinked.
“But that creature down there, well.” The man chuckled. “It’s hard to say if he’s even real or not. Many generations ago, they say a man was kicked out of town. His ideas were supposedly too outlandish - far too different for our community. So they sealed him under the rock as punishment.”
“That’s awful!” Penelope’s eyes widened.
“It would seem that way, yes.” The man clasped his hands behind his back. “But you’d have to understand just how bad it was. He didn’t share our beliefs, see? He didn’t love the Great one, so he became the Wretched One.”
“Are you serious?” Penelope approached him. “He got kicked out just because he didn’t believe the same thing as you?”
“Ah.” Blue stepped in between them. “Very interesting. Thank you, sir.”
“Very well then. And watch your wife.” The man squinted and walked away.
“Did he just call me your wife?” Penelope looked up at Blue.
“I suppose he didn’t know. What a terrible story.”
“So that thing down there is just a guy who didn’t believe what these people did?”
“Apparently so.” Blue looked down the street - a few people were out and about on this overcast day. “Penelope, I felt Vaud when I was near that creature. But I don’t know what it meant, or what we’re supposed to do.”
“Well, clearly the past two forms of Vaud had to do with tragedies as well. Maybe you have to right the wrong, so to speak.”
“What do you mean?”
“Maybe you have to let that creature know that its beliefs are heard. That someone cares. That someone won’t lock it away, in an eternal stone prison down in… well, in wherever we were.” Penelope flipped her hair back. “We could go down and talk to it.”
“Actually, you might be on to something. But surely it wouldn’t trust us. We’re just two people. I think… we might have to get these townspeople to admit they were wrong.”
“So you’re saying I’m right?”
“Well, it only makes sense. I had to give VD a proper burial when he was locked up in a basement. I had to remember John when nobody else did. And now, maybe I have to let the Wretched One know it’s heard.”
The ground rumbled.
“We don’t have long. Not long at all.” Blue looked again into town. “This might be an uphill battle.” He sighed.
The Wicked and the Wretched

The ground rumbled.
“So…” Penelope leaned against the side of a house. “How do we want to do this?”
“That’s what I’m trying to figure out.” The sky glowed orange above him. “If they’re stuck in their ways, I don’t know if we can get through to them.”
“How much time do you think we have?”
“It’s hard to say. The ground keeps shaking. Who knows how much longer that thing can be contained for?”
“If the world ends, what happens to… us?”
“I don’t know. But if it gets to that point, we need to be near Evelyn so she can get us out of here.” He took his arm off the house. “Now, then. We should stop focusing on these hypotheticals and get to work. We can start by speaking.”
“Do you think we’ll be in danger if we speak our mind?”
“I’m not sure, but I imagine that Vaud - or whoever that was - probably did a bit more than just speak. It couldn’t hurt to try, I don’t think.”
The ground rumbled, and Penelope grabbed onto Blue.
“Where do we even start?”
“Well, that’s the tallest building over there.” Blue pointed toward the building at the end of the road. “Looks like a church.”
“That might be the hardest place to go to.”
“Well, maybe we could convince them that we have a relation to their Great one. But I don’t know how.”
Evelyn chirped.
“That’s it!” Penelope pet her. “We have a magical dove that can carry us. If they see that, they’ll think we’re gods or something.”
As they walked down the path, onlookers squinted at them.
“Shelby would’ve known what to do,” whispered Penelope.
“Probably. But still - I think we have a solid plan. But please, let me do the talking when we go in there.”
As they reached the end of the path, Blue stared through the stained glass windows - the orange panes glittered in the sunlight. He slowly opened the large brown door, and it slammed shut behind them. He stared ahead - it was hard to see much, but a priest stood at the other end.
“Father, forgive us for our entrance.”
“Well, that’s quite alright.” The priest walked over to them. “What can I do for you today, young ones?”
“We’re new around here and were interested about knowing about your Great one and the Wretched One.”
“Ah, you’ve come to the right place. Now, let’s start with the tragedy. Sit.” He sat next to them in the pews. “You see, young one, the Wretched One was once like you and me. He was a good man, a lover of the Great one - but one day, he changed. He thought differently. And not a good kind of different, neither - he soon defied the Great one.” The priest’s voice echoed through the church. “Had he kept going, the Great one would have gone against our kind. And I would not have blamed him.” The priest looked up at the picture of the sun on the wall. “So one day, we had to do something incredible - we had to silence this man. It happened several generations ago, but it is said that he was taken down into the Underlands - need I explain the Underlands?”
“I already know about those. Continue, Father.”
“Very well. He was taken down into the Underlands, and imprisoned in a hole. They placed a rock over him. It’s said that those who buried him dared not escape the Underlands, and soon died with him.”
“So, what is the current state of the Wretched One?”
“Sometimes you can hear him knock. But be not afraid - he is secure down there.”
The ground rumbled.
“I see. Thank you, Father. Now may we learn of the Great one?”
“Ah, the Great one.” The priest stood up. “Here, follow me.” They followed him over to a picture of the sun. “Our Great one resides in the sky. He has created all, watches over all, and judges all. Had it not been for him, we would not have been given our beautiful land.”
“What sorts of… powers… does the Great one have?” Blue hesitated.
“Ah, we call them ‘gifts’, but we are new, so you are to be forgiven! The Great one possesses the gift of warmth - he heats us up, after all. He also possesses the gift of flight, allowing him to stay up in the air.”
“Excuse me, Father, but I believe we may have been sent by the Great one.” Blue smiled at him as Penelope hid Evelyn under her hair.
“What is this?”
“My companion possesses the power of flight. Watch.” Blue and the priest turned to Penelope. She slowly rose up into the air, glowing from the stained glass windows. She hovered into the air.
“Impossible! A true agent of the Great one!” The priest knelt down. “It is an honor!”
“Yes, Father. Now, we have one request for you.”
“Anything!”
“Reconsider the fate of the Wretched One.” Penelope’s voice boomed throughout the church. “Our Great one demands it. Consider him… misunderstood.”
“Ah, an agent led astray!” The priest stood up. “Oh, young one! You must understand! The Great one wants not the Wretched One to roam free! You must return to him and ask for clarification!”
“The Great one insists. He says thou will be sent to the Underlands if thou does not comply!”
“Oh, great mercy!” The priest fell to the floor. “I am torn! The Underlands - a terrible fate! But the Wretched One!”
“Excuse me, Father.” Blue sat next to him. “It will be quite alright. Just consider the Great one’s request for the Wretched One’s freedom.”
“Yes.” Penelope’s voice rang out in the church. “Consider it.”
“Well…” The priest stared at the portrait of the sun. “If the Underlands is a must for me, it shall be so! You, agent, have been led on the wrong path! Return to the Great one at once for healing!”
“Screw this.” Penelope floated to the ground. “Blue, if the priest doesn’t think his literal god wants this, then there’s no convincing anyone.”
The ground rumbled.
“Penelope, wait!” Blue turned to the priest. “Father, she was just joking.”
The ground rumbled again.
“Blue, it’s no use.” Penelope looked down. “We have to go down ourselves to talk to it. It’s the only way.”
“That won’t work.”
“Who cares at this point? It’s all we have left!”
The priest laid on the ground, speechless.
“Goodbye, Father.” Blue opened the church’s door and left.
A bell rang.
“Blue.” Penelope pointed. “Blue!”
A house on the side of the road collapsed.
“Blue, we have to get down there now! It’s going to free itself soon.” The rocks in the road bounced around.
“Give me Evelyn!” Evelyn flew over to Blue. “Grab my shoulders.” Penelope grabbed Blue and they took off into the sky.
“Oh, this poor town.” Penelope watched at the Ivyburg houses shook. “Do we remember where that tunnel to the Underlands is?”
“I think so.” Trees shot up from the ground. “Oh, this is really bad.”
“That priest literally believed we were agents of god, and still resisted!”
“What’s our plan?” Blue’s jaw dropped as a hill split in half underneath him.
“To just get down to the Underlands and tell that thing that we hear it!” Penelope sobbed. “That whole town’s going to die!”
“We can’t save them. There’s no time. Hey - what’s that hole?” Blue saw a cave opening in front of them. “That might be a way to the Underlands. Evelyn, go down.” They hovered closer to the ground as Blue watched the cave come into sight. “Yes, that looks like an Underlands hole.”
Suddenly, a gust of wind picked up.
“Blue!” Penelope screamed as she released him.
“Penelope!” He watched as she landed on the ground, unhurt. “Evelyn, turn, girl!” Evelyn turned around, but the breeze continued to push her. “Evelyn, faster!”
“Blue!” Penelope tried running over. “Blue!” The ground in front of her crumbled into a ravine. She sobbed.
“We gotta go, girl. C’mon. Faster.” Evelyn tried flying faster, but the wind continued to push her. “C’mon!” Penelope watched from below, staring at the massive gap in front of her. “Please. Evelyn, please.” Tears rolled down his face. “Evelyn, we have to.”
The wind picked up.
“Blue, please! Help me! Save me!” Penelope reached out in front of her, but they were far past that point. She shrieked as the ground behind her disintegrated. Rain began to pour down, and lightning struck the world. “Please…” She curled up into a ball.
“Drop, Evelyn.” Evelyn floated to the ground, and Blue began to ran in Penelope’s direction. By this point, she was past his line of sight. “Penelope!” He sprinted until his lungs hurt. “Penelope, come on. Stick with us for a moment.” The ground below him began to shake, and slowly crumbled behind him.
“Blue!” He could barely hear her screams at this point - she was too far away.
Suddenly, the ground below him gave out. Evelyn, sitting on his shoulder, began to flap her wings rapidly.
And, at once, they exited the world.
Blue’s Tsunami

“Blue?” Master Q ran over.
Blue sat up, silent.
“Blue, what happened?” Evelyn flew over to Master Q. “Where’s Penelope?”
Blue inhaled.
“I…”
“What happened, Blue? I wasn’t able to watch ever since you two entered that church. What happened? Where is she?”
Blue exhaled.
“I couldn’t save her.”
Master Q’s eyes widened.
“Blue, tell me exactly what happened.”
“The priest didn’t believe us, and… the Wretched One freed itself. And now we’re back here.”
“Blue, I can’t see Penelope anymore. This world has ended.” Master Q turned around.
“Master Q, what do we do?”
Master Q remained silent, then spoke.
“It is not your fault. That world was doomed.”
“What do we do? How do we save her?” Blue walked over to him. “And what about Vaud?”
Master Q remained silent.
“Even if not for Penelope, we have to reopen the world for Vaud - or everything is gone. Tell me there’s a way.”
“I’m thinking, young one.” Master Q stared at the island. “I haven’t been in this situation before.”
“Well, surely there has to be a way, right? Or maybe a different world connected to him?”
“No, it has to be that one. But there might be a way.” Master Q turned to Blue. “It won’t be easy, but it’ll be a start.”
“What is it?” Blue’s eyes widened.
“It will pain me greatly. But for Penelope, I’ll do it.”
“Master Q, what is it?”
“Well, first, we must establish some context. When you get back to that world, no more convincing will work on anyone. Likely because they’ll all be deceased.”
“I see.”
“If the Wretched One is Vaud like you believe, you will have to slay it. That is the only way.”
Blue’s eyes widened.
“The world will also look much different. If you slay the Wretched One, it may be restored - I am not entirely hopeful. But what’s important is that we can continue on our journey. Although…” Master Q closed his eyes. “I’m not sure if Penelope will make it.”
“What do you need to do?”
“I will need to hold my stone.” He held the stone in front of him. “I will need to channel all my energy into this world - the idea of this world. I will need to hold it the entire time you are there. And it will hurt me greatly. Although, there’s another thing to consider.”
“What is that?”
“The stone speaks to me. It says this can be done. Although it will be painful, it will mean that Vaud’s closed worlds are not truly gone yet.”
Blue’s jaw dropped.
“What is it, young one?”
“Master Q, do you think Vaud’s demise would cause all of his affected worlds to open again?”
“There is a possibility.”
“So you’re saying my world has a chance?”
“Ah,” Master Q sighed. “Like I said, there’s a possibility. But do not count on it.” He looked up at Blue. “Let me tell you a story.”
“Go ahead.” Blue tilted his head.
“There was once a sword of the Ancients. When the two villages were bounded together, it connected them through its sheer power and abilities. It was used to destroy any threats to time and the foundation of our worlds.”
“Has it been used since then?”
“Well, ever since we parted ways with our other half, we have not needed it. But this foe you speak of. This Wretched One. That sounds like a threat to all worlds. You have not needed to confront Vaud directly yet - not until now.”
Blue’s eyes widened.
“The Ancients used it to harness the power of the sea around them. With a single swing of the blade, they could send it flying at whatever threat was about.”
“And this sword… what was it called?’
“They called it the Blue Tsunami. But I think you will come to know it as just… Tsunami.” Master Q inhaled. “It was a great weapon, Blue.”
Where Are We Now?

The Underlands groaned at Blue as he woke up. He gasped as he looked up - they opened up to the surface, with a white sky shining down.
“Show yourself, beast.” Blue stood up and took Evelyn off of her shoulder. “Let’s fly, girl.”
As Evelyn flew up, rocks fell from the walls. The Underlands were quiet today, their atmosphere dispersed into the surface world.
As they exited the Underlands, Blue gasped - the lush valley was now dark and charred. Volcanoes dotted the surface, spewing out smoke.
“Well, Evelyn.” Blue looked down at the land below him. “How are we going to find her? And that… thing. Whatever it may look like.”
The wind picked up, lighter than before.
“Careful, girl.” Tsunami rustled at his side. “We don’t want any more accidents.”
The valley was empty, and the sky extra light. Blue flew over the remnants of Ivyburg.
“Is that what that was? It’s hard to tell.” He stared down at the destroyed buildings. “If only they’d just trusted us.”
He thought of Master Q - he must have been in great pain by now!
“Alright, Birdie. Where is this thing?” Blue began to sweat. “Where is that bastard?”
A red light flashed in the sky on the horizon.
“There you are. Evelyn, that way.” Blue felt his head begin to pulsate. “This thing… it has no emotions. It knows nothing.” Sirens blared in his head - what a danger! “This thing is just hate.”
The light flashed again.
“And where did Penelope go? This is awful.” He looked down at the ground. “We could’ve saved her. I… could have saved her.” The land lay barren. “This beast killed her. Or was it me?” He began to tear up, and the red light flashed a third time. The wind picked up, blowing him away from the light.
“No,” said Blue. “Evelyn, keep going. We’re going.” Rain began to fall onto the volcanic plain around him. It was warm - unusually warm.
“First it was my world. Then it was Penelope. I won’t let you win, Vaud. Faster, Evelyn.” Evelyn powered through the storm as Blue squinted. The light kept flashing - what did it mean? “It’s there, Evelyn. We’ve found it.” As his heart pounded, Tsunami rustled again from his side. Rain rolled into the sheath and pooled up to its blade. “God, she was the only thing keeping me going.” He closed his eyes. “She was different, but… that only helped.” He sobbed - if only he’d embraced her when he had the chance. “Come here, beast.”
Lightning struck a nearby volcano.
Evelyn flew rapidly through the storm, pressing against the wind. The light seemed to flash more rapidly at this point - it was getting closer.
“Oh God.” Blue’s head began to spin. “Oh God.” He thought of Penelope - what had happened to her? Had she fallen into the Underlands? “Speed up, girl. As fast as you can go.”
As Evelyn darted through the rain, Blue faced the light.
“You’re mine.”
The Fate Of Our Sins

The light burst into a shockwave, and a horrendous screech filled the air.
“Whoa!” Evelyn fell out of the sky, and Blue landed on a patch of dead grass. “What happened?” He clasped onto Tsunami - it was still in its sheath, the rainwater sticking to it.
The Wretched One flew higher into the air, now a black puff of smoke. It slowly burned a blue flame.
“Come here, beast.” Blue’s voice shook. “Come here and fight me like a man.” He gripped Tsunami’s handle, the warm rain swirling on his hand. “Vaud.”
As the smoke puff suspended in midair, the flame fizzled out.
“Come down here, Wretched One.”
The smoke puff slowly drifted over to Blue, emitting a howl. As it slowly floated over, his eyes widened.
The wind pushed Evelyn back.
“What are you?” Blue looked at the puff - it gently approached him. “Vaud?”
The blue flame ignited again, and the smoke puff dashed into the distance.
“After it, Evelyn.” Blue watched the puff fly away. “After it!”
As Evelyn flew over a lava lake, Blue looked again at the ground below him. “How terrible!” He looked up toward the smoke puff - it was growing larger.
“Vaud!” Evelyn flapped against the wind. “Vaud, come here!” The smoke puff flew higher. Blue felt Tsunami bounce against his hip. “Evelyn, what is that? What do we even do?” He watched the cloud from afar - what could he do? “I can’t fight that thing. After all, what could even go against smoke? Unless…”
As the rain fell, it continued to pool up against Tsunami.
The smoke puff halted to a stop, and Blue approached it.
“It’s time.” His voice shook as he looked at the cloud.
In a flash, Blue unsheathed Tsunami, its stored rainwater spraying across the smoke cloud.
The puff released a screech, sending Evelyn and Blue to the ground yet again.
“That’s enough.” Blue’s heart pounded. “That’s…” he sat up.
The puff was now far larger - Blue couldn’t tell how large, but certainly at least the size of a house. A blue claw slowly reached out of the puff.
“What?” Blue quickly stood up. “What’s this?”
The claw shook around for a moment, clearing a hole in the smoke. Blue watched in horror as the creature’s torso - several times his size - appeared out of the cloud. It stuck one hairy leg out, and Blue grabbed Evelyn.
“This thing’s too big. We have to go.” He dared not look back at the creature as Evelyn flew him away. “I…” He thought of Penelope. Oh, Penelope!
Tsunami bounced on his hip.
“Well, clearly something worked before.” Blue thought about the sword, and Evelyn slowed her flight. “Turn around, girl.” As Evelyn swooped back around, Blue screamed.
The Wretched One flew in midair - its faded yellow wings glowing in the storm. It had three red horns on its head - each one pulsating. And that face! Oh, that face!
Blue dared not look at that face longer than necessary.
“Fight me like a man.” Blue hovered in midair. “Fight me like a man!” Evelyn charged the beast, and Blue quickly took out Tsunami. “You killed her!” He felt rain and tears slide down his face - down his arm - down his blade. Evelyn flew toward the beast’s abdomen and Blue stabbed the sword in front of him.
The Wretched One screamed as Blue bounced off. He looked at it again - that horrendous face - the shell of Vaud.
But Vaud had left it long ago.
“Go, go, retreat.” Evelyn flew back as the creature locked all of its eyes on them.
Blue looked down - a greenish haze covered the rocky terrain.
“Must’ve come up from the Underlands.” His eyes widened as the beast flew closer to him, its wings now ablaze. It opened one of its mouths, sending smoke toward Blue.
“Evelyn, up!” Evelyn flew over the smoke and back towards the beast.
Tsunami was wet now - the water acted like its own pocket.
“Evelyn, higher.” Blue looked at the Beast’s horrendous face again, and aimed Tsunami toward the center eye.
He looked away as he felt his blade pierce through. The Wretched One shrieked and swatted Blue with a flaming wing.
Blue screamed in pain as he plunged toward the green fog.
“Evelyn!”
She swooped down to grab him.
Suddenly, the Wretched One flew in the other direction.
“What? Where are you going?” Blue and Evelyn charged onward. “Come back here! Come back here, Vaud! Fight me!” Tsunami clattered by his side. “Face it! Face me!” He thought of Ivyburg - what an ignorant people they’d been! “I shouldn’t even be fighting you!”
Someone screamed in the distance.
“Who! Who -”
Blue’s eyes widened.
“Penelope?”
Evelyn chased the Wretched One faster. By now, rain was pouring down. The beast screamed up ahead.
“Penelope!” Blue called down. “Penelope!”
The voice screamed again. Blue watched as the Wretched One dipped into the haze and came back out.
Blue couldn’t make out what - or who - was in its hand.
“Blue!” The voice called again, only closer.
“Penelope?” Blue’s eyes widened again as Evelyn chased the Wretched One. “Penelope!” Blue took out Tsunami, the rainwater already swirling around its blade. “Penelope!”
The flaming wings came back into view, the Wretched One’s silhouette approaching through the haze. The creature opened another one of its mouths, breathing out a cold dust.
“Penelope!” Blue dodged the dust. “Penelope!”
“Blue!” Penelope called out from the beast’s hand.
Blue’s jaw dropped.
“You lived!” He flew over to the beast’s neck and grabbed onto Tsunami. “Vaud, let go of her.” He slashed across the Wretched One’s neck, Tsunami’s rainwater covering it. It shrieked and unclasped its hand as smoke rose out of the wound.
Blue watched Penelope plummet into the green mist.
“No!” Blue and Evelyn flew after her.
As he passed through the green smoke, he closed his nose.
Surely the ground has to be under here, right?
They continued flying down, the ground seemingly gone.
As they finally exited the mist, Blue looked down.
“Well, Evelyn.” They slowly descended. “We’re back in the Underlands.”
A loud thump filled the land.
“I think…” he looked up at the mist, “I think we might be safe here for a moment. We can hide.” He looked off into the distance and pointed. “That’s the hole we left out of, see? Seems like its sent cracks across the surface world, and that’s how we got back down.” He looked down. “Must’ve been how this thing left.”
Down in a river below, Penelope lightly floated.
“There!” Blue flew down to her. “Are you ok?”
“Blue?” She opened her eyes. “What?”
“What happened to you?”
“Well, everything sort of just collapsed, and then…” She looked up. “What’s going on?”
“Tell me what happened.”
“Everything just collapsed, and then it’s like I fell asleep. But then I woke up down here - and started screaming - and then that thing grabbed me - and then you were here - and -”
“We need to be quiet.” Blue listened as the thumping grew louder. “Look, we lost. The beast, it - well, I think it freed itself. The world closed.”
“What?” Penelope went pale. “How are we-”
“Your father is suffering greatly right now to keep this world open. We need to keep fighting.”
“Oh.” Penelope looked up and started crying.
“Look, we need to be strong. Like Shelby.”
“You’re the strongest person I know. I’ll be like you.”
Blue paused for a moment.
“Well, then.”
“What’s that on your waist?” She pointed to Tsunami.
“Don’t worry about it. It’s a weapon from the ancients.”
“How are you exactly planning on killing this thing?” She stood up. “It’s massive. And - horrendous! So horrendous. Seems like it wiped out Ivyburg. So much for their ‘Great one’.”
“This sword - Tsunami as it’s called - seems to be doing something to it.” He pulled the sword out, which still had rainwater clinging to its blade. “I’m not sure I can do anything else with it.”
“Oh, Tsunami! Father told me all about that.”
“Is there anything else I need to know?” The thumping grew louder. “And hurry, please.”
“Well, water attracts itself to it. So any strike you do will have water. But if you spin, it’s supposed to gather more water. Here, try it in the river.” Penelope stood up.
Blue dipped Tsunami in the river for a moment, then pulled it out. Its blade was covered in a thin layer of water.
“One second.” Penelope backed away. “Ok, try it.”
Blue stuck the sword out in front of him, closed his eyes, and began to spin. As he spun, the sword became heavier and heavier.
“Blue, look!”
As he opened his eyes, the sword was covered in a tornado of water. He stopped spinning, and the tornado flew off into the distance.
“Wow.”
“Here, try it again.” She pointed to a boulder next to them. “Hit this. And quick!”
“Alright.” He tipped Tsunami back into the water and spun again.
As it became heavier and heavier, Blue stopped spinning. He watched as the tornado flew toward the boulder and destroyed it.
“Well.” Blue looked down at the blade. “That’s more like it.”
The thumping continued.
“Penelope, we have to go back up.” Blue grabbed Evelyn. “I don’t know how much longer Master Q can keep the world open for.” Evelyn hovered in the air. “Grab onto me.”
Penelope grabbed Blue’s shoulders, and Evelyn flew back up through the Underlands, the rain falling in from above.
Blue could hardly see through the misty haze as the downpour continued. He saw the Wretched One’s silhouette through the fog, its wings burning.
“Why isn’t the rain doing anything?” Penelope watched the beast.
“I don’t know. Here, I need the sword.” Blue grabbed Tsunami. “It’s go time.”
The Wretched One flew back over to them and shrieked.
“Evelyn, spin.”
The beast breathed fire from its top mouth.
“Evelyn, now!”
As Evelyn began to spin, the fire slowly made its way over to the group.
“Faster!” Blue held Tsunami out in front of him, feeling it grow heavier as Evelyn spun. “Faster!” The fire came closer.
The sword quickly too heavy to carry.
“Stop, Evelyn!” She stopped spinning. Instantly, a water tornado flew out of Tsunami and cut through the Wretched One’s approaching flame. The beast’s eyes widened as the tornado approached and hit it in the face. It shrieked one last time as its horns flew off its head. Smoke rose from the holes, slowly deflating the creature as it dropped back down into the abyss.
“Blue.” Penelope cried. “Blue! It’s gone!”
“Yes.” The rain stopped, and sunlight entered the rocky landscape once again. “Yes, it seems that Vaud is out of this world. But the people.” The land lay barren in front of him. “Ivyburg.”
“Who cares about them? They caused this mess to begin with.”
“If only they cooperated in the first place.” Blue’s heart rate slowed down. “If only they hadn’t kicked Vaud out back then. What a terrible fate.”
“But Vaud’s gone now.”
“But don’t you see?” Blue stared down toward the Underlands. “We shouldn’t have fought that thing to begin with. It was just a pure manifestation of hate and rage. There was no Vaud in there.”
“We should get back. Father’s probably worried.”
“Good point.” Blue looked at the remnants of the meadows. “Still… it pains me that this world is practically destroyed. But at the very least, we can continue on our quest.”
“Blue.” Penelope squeezed him harder. “I’m sorry for all of that attitude. Y’know, back in Verderita and all that.”
Blue smiled.
“Well, that’s quite alright. The important thing is that we’re here, together. Take us home, Evelyn.”
Evelyn began to rapidly flap her wings.

For what it’s worth,
Maybe Vaud isn’t so bad?
Maybe it’s just those he saw.
He was a dead child.
A slave.
A beast, birthed from the wickedness of the residents.
And now I wonder,
What’s next?
And what’s left?
Who truly IS Vaud?
What… is Vaud?

Can he be saved?




Or is he doomed to be Wretched forever?
The Flop Side
Act II
The Land of the Shadow
Into the Darkness

     Blue sat on the cloud, his legs swaying in the air. The island lay in the distance; its peaks grasped up at the Land of the Light.
     “Blue,” said Master Q, “are you ready?”
     “ I think so.”
     “None of us have been on that island in forever,” he chuckled. “And why would we? They likely envy us. Down there in their crevice.”
     “Well, I’m sure it can’t be that bad, right? Wasn’t it just fate?”
     “Young one, we don’t know their perspective.” Master Q squinted at the island. “Every time I see that hole in the ground, I feel their wrath. And I wasn’t even there to witness the split.” Master Q closed his eyes. “It has to be you, though. The rest of us were born up here, see? You’re an outsider - you can see both for what they truly are.”
     “Master Q, what caused the split?”
     “We don’t know. All we know now is that they went down and we went up. Maybe it was the universe’s way of balancing us out.”
     The cloud platform floated next to Blue.
     “It’s almost here.” The island slowly rotated as Mount Shadow’s dark side showed itself and the ravine slowly came into view.
     “What could be there, Master Q?”
     “Well,” Master Q stroked his beard, “it’s going to be odd, probably. Surely a civilization in a cave hasn’t seen much in awhile. But to open the other worlds, you must take the stone from them.”
     “Do you think anyone there is still alive? What if the fall killed all of them? Or if they’ve just died out?” Blue looked up at Master Q. “After all, they probably don’t have much there.”
     “They don’t need food. We don’t have any here, do we? Now, of course, you still need it. So you have to be careful. Don’t let that cloud fizzle out.”
     “Of course.” Blue stretched his arms out.



Enter from underwater shipwreck treasure chest? Fire trench?
Fire, Fire Rocks
Chapter 4
A Sprinkle of Phasium
A Neon Night

Blue opened his eyes, seeing nothing but night sky around him.
“Evelyn?” Blue called out into the void. “Evelyn, where’d you go?”
Stars lined the cosmos, glistening in the distance.
“Evelyn?”
He felt warm - at peace, almost.
Evelyn chirped and floated over to him.
“There you are. Now where are we?” He patted her and flipped forward. “That’s fun.”
A space cloud floated by.
Space was quiet.
“Hey.” He looked ahead - something seemed off. Like a portion of the sky wasn’t as dark as the rest. “Evelyn, let’s go.” He grabbed on to her and she flapped through space. The portion got closer and closer. “What?” He stuck his hand out and pushed out the edge of outer space.
As he tumbled onto the ground, he turned around and read the sign behind him.
“‘Public outer space simulator.’ Well, that would explain it. Where are we anyway?” He turned away from the simulator and stared at the buildings in front of him. “Some kind of city.”
The night shined down from above.
“Alright, girl.” As he began walking the sidewalk, he noticed several neon signs hanging from the buildings. “Wow, this place is bright. Now, then. Where is Vaud?”
Evelyn chirped.
“Hey,” a voice called behind him. “Blue.”
“What?” He turned around. “Penelope? How did you cross over?” He ran over to her. “Didn’t Master Q say you’d burn up or something?”
“Probably just another one of his lies. I’m fine.”
“Strange.” Blue looked down the quiet road.
“So what’s the plan for finding Vaud?”
“Well, Sportus gave me this clarinet.” He motioned to his backpack. “Supposedly this will reveal where Vaud was.”
“I didn’t know you could play clarinet.”
“I can’t. I still have to learn. He told me that the better I play, the more clearer I’ll be able to see him.”
“Look at you, getting all these tools.” Penelope looked down the road. “This place is insane.” People walked down the street as the high-rise buildings illuminated from above.
“Yeah. How do they even afford to keep this place lit up?” Blue inspected a nearby “OPEN” sign. “Hey, check it out. It says the elements on the back. Ne and Ph.”
“Interesting. Obviously neon’s one of them.”
“What’s ph?”
“I don’t think that’s a thing. Maybe it’s not the elements, but something else?”
“Possibly.” Rain started to fall, and Tsunami clattered next to Blue. “I can’t even try this damn clarinet right now because of the rain.”
“Let’s keep walking, maybe?” Penelope lead and Blue followed her. “I have to say, the Land of the Shadow is nothing like I expected.”
“I know. I thought it would be in a cave or something.”
“I thought so too. Only few from the Land of the Light have tried to cross, and none were ever seen again.”
“I’m still trying to figure out what the hell happened. I went over on my cloud, then I came out the other side. Like how is that even possible?”
“It’s wild. I hope Father’s alright.”
“What even happened here?” Blue looked at a building covered in rust. “You would’ve thought they’d clean this up by now. Given, y’know.” He gestured to the monorail running between buildings above him. “All this.”
“Weird. The bottom windows are boarded up.”
Blue read a sign on the door.
“‘HAZARD ZONE. Do not enter at this time.’ Strange. Maybe there’s something in there that they’re trying to keep people away from?”
“Probably. Anyway, where’s Vaud?” Penelope squinted.
“I’m not feeling anything yet. I feel like I should play this now.” Blue gestured to his backpack. “We need to get out of the rain.”
“Look.” Penelope pointed at a covered area of sidewalk in front of them. “Let’s just go under there.”
“Good point.” Blue walked under the covering and unzipped his backpack.
“Have you ever played an instrument before this?”
“I played trumpet back home.” He unclasped and opened the case. “How the hell do I set this thing up?”
“Father used to play one of these. Not a magical one, of course. Let me see if I can remember how to do it. Take out the bell.”
“What’s that?”
“The bottom thing.”
Blue took out the bell - it felt hollow.
“Now it’s time for the joints.”
“What’s a joint? What is all this?”
“Relax - that one.”
“This?” He picked up a piece of the clarinet.
“That’s the upper one. You want the lower one.”
“Oh, this.” He picked out the correct piece.
Slowly but surely, Blue assembled the clarinet.
“Ok.” He put the mouthpiece in. “Ready.”
“Wait.”
“One second. Let me just try it out.” Blue put his lips around the mouthpiece and began to blow. An airy noise came out. “What?”
“Blue, you forgot the reed.”
“Ah, of course.”
By this point, people were watching him.
“Move along, people.” Penelope waved them away. “Blue, let’s hurry it up a bit.”
“Ok,” he screwed the ligature back on. “I’m ready.”
“Good. See what happens.”
Blue tightened his lips around the mouthpiece once again. As he softly played, a small wisp of air came out as the reed vibrated slightly. His vision became hazy and the world seemed to slow down around him. As he stopped playing, life sped up again.
“You gotta blow harder than that.”
Blue firmed his embouchure around the mouthpiece and blew as hard as he could. He felt the reed surge into vibration.
SQUEAK.
A man shook his head across the street.
“Blue, no. You can’t do it like that. Here, don’t focus on your fingers for now. Just blow softly. In the middle.”
Blue stood tall and took in a deep breath. He rested his teeth on the mouthpiece and blew a steady stream of air. As the reed began to vibrate, a crooked note came out of the instrument.
“There you go! You’ve got it.” Penelope smiled.
As the note slowly steadied, the world turned gray around him and life seemed to slow down. As he continued to hold the note, he saw a glowing figure appear and run down the street. Blue slowly released his lips from the instrument and pulled it away from his face.
“Penelope,” he inhaled. “I saw him.” He pointed toward where the figure walked.
“Did he go into the boarded up building? Check.”
Blue played the clarinet again - the note sounded slightly fuller this time. As the world lost focus around him, the figure faded back in and walked through the boarded up door.
“He went in,” Blue sighed.
“How are we gonna be able to get in there? It’s probably locked and people will see us.”
“Well.” Tsunami clattered at his side as the rain fell around them. “We could always break in. We’d get inside, find out whatever the hell Vaud did, and get Evelyn to bring us back before the cops showed up.”
“Well,” said Penelope. “We had to break into somewhere before. Surely this won’t be any different.”
As they approached the door, Penelope gave it a pull.
“Nope.”
“I’ll have to announce it. There’s no way to do this subtly.” Blue turned to the ground. “Everyone step away from the building!” He took Tsunami out, held it in front of him, and began to spin. As the sword became heavier, he let go in front of the building. The tornado quickly slung through the boards, crashing the building open.
“Go!” Blue gestured Penelope through the wall. Onlookers stood frozen, eyes widened. “We don’t have much time.” He ran into the building, through its foyer into a hallway.
“Which door do we turn into? There’s so many.”
“I’m not sure.” Blue heard a siren in the distance. “We have to act fast.”
“Take the clarinet out.”
Blue unzipped his backpack and removed the clarinet.
“Hurry!”
He quickly assembled the instrument and blew into it. It screeched at him.
“Blue, play softer!”’
He slowly blew into the instrument, his heart pounding. He watched his vision slowly gray as the note wavered, and saw the golden figure run into a door on the right.
“That door! Go in that one!”
Penelope tried the door, but it didn’t budge.
“Blue, does your sword have any more water? The door won’t open.”
“No.” He felt Tsunami’s blade, now dry. “I guess I’ll just have to slice it open.” He hacked the sword at the wooden door, slowly chipping it.
“Blue, we don’t have time for this. Look!” Penelope pointed at a puddle on the floor. Blue dipped the blade in. “Go!”
He quickly spun around, feeling the blade become heavier. “Move out of the way! I don’t have much room.” He released the tornado, and it crashed into the wooden door. “Good. Hurry, go in there!”
The lights were off, save for a neon sign in the corner.
“Interesting how this abandoned building still has power.” Penelope walked over to the sign. “Ok, never mind that, we have to figure out what Vaud did here.”
“Wait.” Blue squinted toward the corner of the room. “What’s that machine?”
The Phasium Experiment

“What?” Penelope walked over to the machine. “It looks like a booth. Like someone can go in here.”
The sirens became quieter.
“What are these lights?” Blue looked at the bulbs on the outside of the machine - one lit up red, and the other green. “What?”
“Blue.” Penelope opened a cabinet and took out a vial. “There’s something in here.”
“What?”
“It’s like a green powder.”
“Don’t touch that. We don’t know what it does. It could burn you or something.”
“You sound like my father.” She put the vial back. “Come to think of it, I still wonder why he lied to me.”
“Maybe he just didn’t want you to get hurt.”
“That would be normal for him. But the fact that no other Light being has ever crossed over and back and made it out alive, it’s… well, I don’t know what it is. But it’s strange.”
“So you know for a fact that all people from the Land of the Light are supposed to burn up when they cross?” He looked at her. “Why did you do it?”
“Because I didn’t believe it. How could that actually happen? And look at me now. I’m fine.”
“He’s probably worried about you.” Blue took out the clarinet. “Here, I need to play. I don’t know when the cops will show up.” Blue put the clarinet to his mouth and softly blew in. His vision hazed and the gold figure faded back into view.
“I…” it said. “I need to get out of here. I won’t last long with those sharks.” It turned to the door. “They’ll find me. They’ll kill me. I don’t have their money.” The figure began to sweat. “I don’t have their money. They’ll kill me.” It ran over to a neon sign on the table and picked it up. “Thankfully, I can get out of here.” It walked over to a machine on the table, cracked the sign, and poured the contents inside. “I can get out!” It picked up an empty beaker and put it under the machine’s nozzle. “I can do it.” It pressed a button on the machine, and the nozzle released a powder into the beaker. “Perfect!” It walked over to the booth, opened a tray on the size, and dumped the powder in. “This will allow me to teleport away! Yes! Yes!” The figure adjusted its lab coat.
Blue firmed up his lips and breathed deeper, and the figure slowly turned into a man. An old man - but a man, nonetheless.
“Aha!” He stared at the booth. “Yes! The phasium will go into my blood! It’ll let me teleport wherever I want to!”
“Blue?” Penelope walked over to him. “Blue, what’s he saying?”
“Apparently, there’s something called phasium. I think…” he turned to Penelope. “I think that’s what’s in your vial. Don’t touch it.” Blue put the clarinet back to his lips.
“Hello.” The man turned on a camera and put it on a tripod in front of the booth. “This is Dr. Rilk. I have successfully extracted phasium from a neon sign. You know, phasium, the thing that helps the sign stay on? Yes, that! That new element that I discovered! Ex… excuse me, where are my manners?” Rilk adjusted his lab coat. “Now, I haven’t much time, so I’ll be quick with this. Phasium, when in the right form, can let you travel between worlds, see? If you hold the powder and think of a world, you’ll go there! But I… well, to be blunt, I don’t know where I want to go. But I have to go somewhere.” His eyes widened. “They’re close, dear viewer! Here, when I step into my booth, the phasium will be embedded into my blood! It’ll allow me to cross into any world, any time, at will! Hopefully.” He stepped into the booth, and the door slid shut behind him.
The booth made a loud screeching sound.
“No! This isn’t right! It isn’t binding to my blood!” Rilk screamed in agony. “It’s like it’s connecting to my soul or something! Oh, good lord! Help! Help me! I don’t want to die!”
Suddenly, a group of glowing figures entered the room.
“We’ve waited long enough for the money, doc.” One of them turned off the machine and opened the door. “You know what time it is.”
“Please.” Blue gasped when he saw Rilk - his skin was covered in bruises. “Please, just a few more days.” The reed shook.
“Nope. Sorry, doc.” Two men grabbed him from the back and took him out of the room.
“Blue?” Penelope walked over to him. “Blue, what happened?”
“Grab the vial, Penelope. Don’t open it. I swear to god, do not open it.”
“What? What is it?”
“Penelope, that phasium - it apparently allows people to cross worlds. And Vaud, well, he tried injecting it into his blood. He wanted to teleport at will. But something went wrong.”
“Wait.” Penelope’s eyes widened. “Do you think that’s what caused it?”
“What caused what?”
“What did he say?”
“He said it felt like the stuff had been bounded to his soul…” Blue’s jaw dropped. “That must’ve given him his power. His multiple lives.”
“So this must have been his first life!” Penelope picked up the vial. “Don’t worry, I won’t take the cap off of this.”
“Please. I’m being serious. This stuff, it - well, you know.”
“Where did Vaud go?”
“He left. Well, these guys came in and took him out of the room.”
“Blue, play the clarinet again.” Penelope turned toward the door. “Find out where he went.”
“Already on it.” Blue put his lips around the mouthpiece and began to exit the room as Penelope followed.
“What even is phasium? Where did he get it?” Penelope inspected the rusted machine again. “How did he just… discover a new element?” She ran after him. “Blue, where are they going?”
Blue walked faster and blew harder.
“Stop squeaking! Play softer.” She walked by his side. “Where’s it taking you?” They walked further down the hall and turned left into a different room. “Blue, where…”
Blue stood still, playing the clarinet. His eyes widened and his arms shook. His sound squeaked more and more.
“Blue?”
He had tears in his eyes at this point.
“Blue? What’s going on?” Penelope watched as he slowly brought the clarinet down from his mouth. He slowly stumbled forward and dropped to the ground.
“Blue!” Penelope ran to his side and lifted him up. “What happened? Are you ok?”
“Penelope, they…” He vomited.
“What?” She dragged him back to the entrance. “What happened?”
“He’s… they… he’s in several pieces now.”
The city grew quiet.
“How do we find him?”
“They said they were going to bury him somewhere. Somewhere called Cherry Beach.”
“A beach? Hopefully it’s near here. Alright, let’s get you up.” She slowly lifted him off the ground.
“That clarinet, it… I saw everything.”
“I know.”
A siren wailed.
“Wonder what that’s for,” said Blue.
The siren quickly grew closer.
“Huh,” said Penelope. “Ok, let’s go find the beach. We can probably ask one of the locals.”
A voice shouted nearby.
“Come out, trespassers.”
“Oh,” said Penelope. “Wait, Blue, where do we go?”
“I…” he closed his eyes. “Hurry. Come here.” They ran back into the lab room. “Out the window. Let’s go. Go.” He opened the window. “Penelope, go.”
She climbed out the window.
Blue quickly followed her and planted on the ground headfirst.
“Here.” She rushed over to him. “Get up.” She reached out her hand and she grabbed it.
“I’m so sorry.” He shivered. “They just… they tore him to shreds.”
“It’s ok. I know. Let’s go.” The sirens grew louder, and she grabbed his arm. “Let’s go, friend.” She walked on the pavement. “Come on.” As they ran into an alleyway, a helicopter flew overhead. “Ok, I think we can stop here for a second.” Penelope heard the sirens. “Blue, we need to ask someone about the beach.”
“Yeah.” He panted. “Yeah, we should probably do that.”
Evelyn chirped.
“I think what we need is to just blend in with a crowded area.” She exhaled. “Maybe we shouldn’t have broken into that place.”
“We… we had to.” Blue peered toward the street. “It was just like Sunset Mansion.” He chuckled. “Just a bit more obvious.”
“Are you good?”
“Yeah. I think. It was - it was awful, Penelope. They were loan sharks. They just… they tore off his…” He stared ahead, wide-eyed. “Maybe he has a point.”
“What?”
“I mean, he keeps getting hurt. Over and over. He was that kid. He was that slave. He was the Wretched One. And now, he was torn to shreds.” He closed his eyes. “The universe failed him.”
Penelope went silent.
“Blue.” She looked up at him. “He’s not any of these people anymore. He’s so far removed from any of this.”
“I know.” He looked up at the neon lights. “I just wish it didn’t get to this point.” He sighed. “We should probably go.”
“Yeah.”
Penelope and the City of Stars

Penelope peeked around the street corner.
“Tons of cop cars.” She turned to Blue.
“Do you think Evelyn can just fly us to the beach?”
“In this rain?” She felt it hit her hair. “I doubt it.”
Evelyn chirped.
Penelope looked at Blue - his eyes trembled. Poor thing!
“Ok, Blue.” She looked at her prince. She had to guide him! “Evelyn, here.” The bird flew over to her shoulder. “Hurry, run left.” They ducked out of the alleyway and ran, the police cars scanning behind them. As Penelope walked down the road, she thought about her father. Why did he tell her she’d burn up if she crossed over?
“Penelope.” Blue called from behind. “I’m going to ask someone where we’re supposed to go. Where the beach is. Just hide for a moment.”
“Sure.” She stood against a wall and peered toward the police cars. The officers were entering into the building at this point. Penelope watched as he approached a stranger.
“I don’t get it,” she told herself. “What is this stuff?” She examined the vial, filled with a green powder. She knew not to take it out, of course.
“Ok.” Blue approached her. “Here, I’ll go ahead. It shouldn’t be that far.”
“Sure.” Penelope followed him. She looked up at the neon signs above her. How pretty! She felt like she was in a distant kingdom now - a kingdom with her prince.
“Penelope,” he called back. “Penelope! Slow down. You’re going to attract attention.”
“Sorry!” Her heart ached - had she truly disappointed him? “Sorry.”
Penelope looked ahead - crowds of people swarmed the streets.
“Stick with me,” said Blue. “We don’t want to get separated.” He turned and reached out his hand. “Grab me.”
Penelope barreled into him with an embrace. Blue jolted back, eyes widened.
“I don’t think we need to do all that. Here - just stay by my side.” The duo slowly walked through the crowd. “Ok, once we get through here…” Blue turned his head. “We just have a few more blocks.”
“Ok.” They silently crossed the road. “Where now?”
“Still forward.”
Penelope looked ahead as they exited the square, while Blue looked back.
“Penelope.” He ran faster. “Penelope, cop car.” They ran to the sidewalk. “Act cool. Act cool.”
The police car pulled over on the side of the road and rolled down the window.
“Do you two know any details of what happened back there?” The officer peered out at them.
“No, sir.” Penelope avoided eye contact.
“Well, then.” The officer looked at Tsunami. “Be careful with that sword, kid. And stay away from the building over there - a terrible thing happened.” The officer started rolling up the window. “You two stay safe.”
“Thank you, officer. Have a good night.” Blue and Penelope watched as the police car drove away. “I think we’ll probably be fine.”
“Where to next?” Penelope walked up to Blue and stood directly in front of him.
“What exactly are you doing?” Blue stepped back. “You’re weird. But that’s fun. Anyway.” Blue turned ahead. “We’re going straight some more.”
“So are you feeling better?” Penelope stared at his backpack.
“Yeah, just… that whole vision sort of got to me for a minute. But I’m good.”
“That’s good. I’m happy you’re happy.”
The city went silent, and so did her heart.
“Turn,” said Blue. “Turn right. Penelope.” She listened from ahead. “Penelope! Back here.” She turned back and walked towards Blue. “Walk slower.”
“Sorry.” They turned down the road, the signs illuminating from above.
“Blue,” said Penelope. “What was your world like?”
“My world? Well, a lot different from here.” He continued walking. “For reference, how many worlds have you seen?”
“Well, I’ve heard stories of various worlds, but I haven’t seen many myself. Of course, the island has shown me nature and the like.”
“Think of my world as a sort of… blending of the other worlds we’ve seen.” Blue gestured up. “We had cities like this one.” He put his arms down. “Villages and valleys like Ivyburg. Seaside towns like Verderita.” He turned to her. “Sounds almost like a language from my world. We have this country called Italy, and it has towns like that one. Almost like that name could come from there.”
“Interesting. Seems like each world varies in scale. Almost like this one is just an offshoot of that place you talked about - what was it called? Italy?”
“Yes. That first place I went - that place with the mountains - it was quite different, but also quite similar to places from my own world.”
“It sounds absolutely lovely.” Penelope thought about Italy - what a fascinating concept! “What else do you have?”
“Well.” Blue quickly checked behind his shoulder. “We have snowy areas. You know what snow is, don’t you?”
“Who do you think I am?”
“Just checking. Anyway…”
“Where did you live?”
“Well, I lived in what was called a suburb.”
“Sub herb?”
“No. It was basically a mid-sized town with-”
“What does mid-sized mean?”
“I don’t know. 15,000 people or something. It was sort of quiet, but nice. Not too far away from the nearest city. And there was nature nearby.” Blue smiled. “I wish you could’ve seen it.”
“What else did you have?” She approached him - she had to know more! “Tell!”
“Well, near my house was these woods that I liked to walk through sometimes. And…” he sighed. “Do you really want to hear this or are you just saying that?”
“No, I do!” They walked further down the road. “Please, tell me.”
“Alright. So these woods, right?” Penelope watched as Blue quickly glanced to her. “They were very nice. Each part of the year had something different. The winter was the worst - they were whatever. But mysterious, you know?” Penelope nodded to him. “And spring - well, spring was something else. Everything was being reborn. I…” Penelope watched as Blue raised his eyebrows. “Are you sure you want to hear about this?”
“Yes!”
“Ok. So then during the summer - well, they were hot. A bit buggy. But there was something about them. They were just so… green. So lively. Like it was another world on its own. Funny I say that at all, given all of this.”
“What is a winter, a spring, and a summer?”
“Oh. Do you know what a year is?”
“Of course. We don’t live them but I’ve heard of them.”
“Well, basically, each one lasts a few months of the year. The world changes a bit.”
“Interesting! Are those all of them?”
“No. There’s one more. They call it autumn - or fall, for short. And during the fall, all of the trees’ leaves changed colors. And, it was just so…” Penelope watched as he went quiet.
“Blue? Are you ok?”
Penelope watches as he paused for a moment, and then slowly gulped and nodded.
“Yeah.” His voice shook. “I’m fine.” He looked up in front of him. “I think we’re here.”
They walked off the street onto the sand, the ocean quietly watching from ahead.
“Where do we look for… him?” Penelope stared at the ground. “For his…” She shuddered.
“I’m not sure. It might take us all night, but we might want to start digging now.”
Evelyn chirped and flew across the shore.
“Whoa!” Penelope ran after her. “Birdie, where are you going?” She sprinted through the night. “Blue, come here!” She turned back to him. “Blue?” He was staring at the water. “Blue, come here.”
“Sorry.” He walked toward her. “Where’d Evelyn go?”
“Didn’t you see her? She’s over there somewhere. Let’s go find her.”
“Sure.”
They walked down the beach and watched as Evelyn pecked at the sand.
“What are you doing?” Blue walked over to her.
“I think she might’ve found something. Here, let’s dig.” Penelope stuck her hands into the sand and tossed it back. “You find anything?”
“I’m still looking.” Blue dug through the sand and froze. He yelped.
“What?” She rushed over to him as he pulled out a bone from the ground. “Well, that would do it.”
“Keep digging.” He quickly placed the bone on the sand next to him. “I’m feeling a… well, I don’t know. Like a connection. The same thing I felt in the Underlands and in Verderita. It’s telling me that he hasn’t… he hasn’t really been put to rest.”
“What are you saying?”
“Look at that water, Penelope. The ocean. Look how calm it is. It’s telling me to send him out into the night.”
“I see.” Penelope dug up a bone. “Well, these are the only two I think we’ll find.”
“Might as well try it,” said Blue. “I’m sure it’s the thought that counts.” He grabbed the bone from Penelope and placed both of them in the ocean. As they gradually floated away, the sky slowly lit up.
“Perfect,” said Penelope. “Let’s get out of here. Evelyn, take us home.”
Evelyn remained still.
“Birdie? Take us home. Flap.”
Evelyn began flapping her wings, but nothing happened.
“Blue?” Penelope called out to him. “Blue, she’s not taking us back.”
“Wait.” Blue looked at her. “Do you think it’s because we’re on the other side? We’re not going back to the Land of the Light. We’re going to the Land of the Shadow.”
“I think you might be right.” Penelope pet Evelyn.
“I’ll try to think of some other way home.”
As they stared out at the water, they heard a shout behind them.
“Freeze!”
He turned around to see a group of armed officers run toward them.
“We’ve received descriptions that the building intruders look awfully similar to you two. What are you doing at this beach at this time?” The officer spotted a stray bone on the ground. “You… you!” The officers closed in. “You’re both under arrest.”
Penelope froze - what could she do?
“Officer,” she said. “I can assure you there’s been a mistake. Permission to grab my ID? I’m sure this is all a misunderstanding.”
“Well.” The officer stared dead into her eyes. “Fine. Permission granted.”
Penelope felt Evelyn sit on her shoulder and grabbed onto Blue. With her other hand she reached into her pocket.
“Think about the Land of the Shadow,” she whispered to Blue.
“What? Why?”
“Trust me.” She poked around in her pocket for a moment and felt the cap loosen. In a flash, she took the vial out and dumped the phasium on her and Blue.
A World Left Behind
Chapter 5
The Lands of Old
A Crisp Autumn Morning

Blue kept his eyes closed - what was happening?
Crunch.
He looked down and opened his eyes. Leaves crunched beneath his feet.
He slowly looked up - the trees ahead waved their dying leaves as they slowly dropped.
A ray of sunshine infiltrated his eyes.
“Well,” he said to himself. “No Evelyn. No Penelope.” The silence was deafening. “Just me.”
A critter buzzed by.
The cloudy sky loomed above.
“Well.” He looked at the trail in front of him. “Interesting.” He looked down at the ground - dried mud led the way.
Leaves rustled above him, and he felt a slight breeze flow by.
He shivered.
Blue slowly turned and walked the trail ahead of him - his eyes widened as he watched the trees.
“Well,” he looked ahead. "This is nice. But not… real?” As he walked, he felt Tsunami clatter against his side.
He thought of taking out the clarinet, but decided against it - after all, there was only one way at this point.
“Vaud…” he looked up at the orange canopy above. “Vaud’s here. Somewhere. Or is he?” He thought about where he was. “A simulation. It’s a simulation. So Vaud is simulated? But supposedly, putting him to rest here will still work?” He thought to himself. “I have no idea. And how will I get home? Surely there has to be phasium here.” Something croaked. “Or maybe the simulation works differently? I’m not sure.” He stepped forward on the mud. “Interesting morning today. One like home. Come to think of it,” he looked ahead again. “This feels like I place I once knew.”
A stream babbled nearby.
“Wish it was nicer out, though.” He stepped on crushed leaves. “A bit chilly for my liking, but that’s okay. The best hikes are imperfect.” He looked down at the ground, then up into the trees. “My favorite leaf color has to be red,” he said to nobody in particular. “Opposite of green and all of that. But I guess all of them are good. Green is nice. Yellow and orange are good too.” He stepped over a puddle and looked ahead at the trail. “I feel like I know this place. Rather, it must be like a place I once knew.” He sighed. “Ah, I miss home. Redberry. I miss it so much.” He blinked. “Penelope didn’t quite understand, I don’t think. She didn’t grow up walking in the woods or around the neighborhood, or at least not one like mine.” He paused for a few seconds. “It… it’s just weird that nobody there shares the same memories I have. Everything’s new and different. New worlds, new issues, new gadgets, new faces. New this. New that. Flipping from one plane to another, going from one cloud to the next. One magical hole to the next one. And…” He chuckled. “Well, it’s been fun.” He went silent and continued walking. “Hello, little robin.” He watched a red bird dance around on the ground and knelt down to its level. “Come here.” The bird slowly hopped over to him. “See? Nothing to be afraid of.” He stared at the bird. “Or is it a robin? Is any of this anything I know? We’re not on Earth, after all.” He looked down at the bird again. He was no bird expert, but it looked exactly like a robin. “And, I must wonder.” He looked toward the bird. “What is Evelyn? Is Evelyn really a dove? What are the Land of the Light - the Land of the Shadow?” He looked up at the trees around him. “Why are trees in these worlds? Are trees not an Earth lifeform? And towns - humans, for that matter. Why is everyone everywhere? What have I gotten myself into?” He stared at the bird again, pecking the ground. “This one feels just like Earth. But I suppose Verderita did as well.
A breeze crossed over him.
“And look at this!” He looked at the ground - a worm was resting in the mud. “What are you? Why aren’t you back on Earth where you belong?” Blue turned to face the trail he came from. “In fact, it feels like all of this stuff is from Earth, but none of the worlds so far have quite felt the part. This one, though?” He paused to listen to birds chirp from the trees. “This feels like it. And I’d argue - well,” he chuckled to himself, “the only other thing that quite felt like Earth is Penelope. And she’s not even from there!”
The robin flew away.
“I guess all I can do is keep walking. I mean, I don’t feel like taking out the clarinet yet. Besides - this is a simulation. So…” his eyes widened. “Maybe I’ll see it as it was when it… happened.”
He stared at a stream down below.
“Ah, those little bodies of water were always my favorite part of my hikes. There was the Green Trail on one side of Redberry. Then there was the Yellow Trail. Then the Blue Trail, see?” He spoke to the trees. “Green was my favorite. I went there for a weekly walk every Sunday. Then that Blue Trail - I went there a few times. But…” he quieted, “the Yellow Trail? I never visited it. I suppose I just never had the motivation to try something new.”
He listened to the birds chirp.
“Ah, aren’t they lovely? I’m sure Penelope would love it here.” Slowly, the smile wiped away from his face. “I wonder if Vaud loved it here. Whatever he is in this world.” He shivered. “And how much longer is this trail? Surely it can’t go on for that much farther, right? Not that I mind, of course. But I’m on a mission. A mission to… well, I’m not sure.” Blue walked faster. He squinted his eyes - he could see the parking lot now.
“Here we are.” He stepped over a puddle and crunched some leaves as he made his way onto the pavement. He noticed a sign on the other side of the lot, and walked over to read it.

“Redberry - Yellow Trail”
Blue Meets Blue

Home.
Home?
Home?
God.
Where am I?
What is this?
What is this sick trick?
Tell me, please.
Please.
What does any of this mean?
Just let me go home.
Stop teasing me.
Just let me go home,

The sky pulled back its cloudy curtains, and a ray of sunshine dazzled upon Blue.
“I don’t know if I’m ready.” He looked at the sign again. “Who could it be? Who in Redberry could Vaud actually be? I don’t know what year it is.” He turned toward the road - it looked worn. “And I’ll have to face everyone I knew.” He put his head in his hands. “I’ll have to see my family. I’ll have to see my friends.” He inhaled. “I need to go home.” He slowly exhaled. “I need to find myself. It’s the only way I’ll know what year it is.” His heart pained as he walked to the road.
Redberry’s birds watched down on Blue and chirped at him. He limped down the street, the autumn woods vast on each side.
“They’re so beautiful.” Blue looked at the creaking forest. “But I can’t look at them today.” He sighed. How could this be true?
Vaud?
Here?
The smells of autumn filled the air - everything from the crisp daytime to the dew on the leaves around him.
His chest pressed into him as he continued up the road.
Blue wondered if it was even worth it - after all, he’d have to walk across town to get home.
The main road shifted into view, with cars driving in both directions. As he approached the road, he saw the familiar architecture of houses he once knew. His heart raced - so many questions!
And who was Vaud?
Blue felt the sand beneath his feet, kicked up from the dirt. He stared down at the weeds - the dandelions and whatnot. Oh, how long it had been! He reached down to touch one, and it lightly moved.
“So what can I touch here, then?” He looked around. “They said I’d have limited interaction, after all.” He looked down to his feet - the grass beneath them was crushed up.
Blue quickly recognized the road he was on, and began to walk towards his house. His feet ached, as did his heart - but it had to be done.
Oh, Penelope! She’d never get it.
“Well,” he stared at a gas station he once filled gas from. “It could be any year, right? That’s what Sportus said.”
A bird chirped, and Blue began to sweat.
“Feels like it could be September or something like that…” He looked up at the sun, which gleamed through the yellow leaves. “Such a nice day out. I suppose this town was always known for those.” He began to feel nauseous. What would he find once he got home?”
Slowly but surely, Blue made his way through the town, passing by buildings he once knew.
“There’s Little John’s house,” he pointed at it. “And across the street was Gabe’s.” Someone walked toward him. “Hey. Hey!” He walked over to the man. “What year is it?”
The man ignored him and walked past.
“Ah, can’t interact with him.” Blue turned and watched as the man went about his day. “So what do I know?” He stopped. “Well, then. I could crush the grass but couldn’t talk to the man? Strange.” He picked up a rock and looked at the house next to Gabe’s. “Time to experiment.” He threw the rock at a window and it shattered. Someone screamed from inside the house. “Good to know.” He continued walking down the road.
The sun watched down from above, curious about his predicament. It shined its rays to light his path.
“Ah, Halloween.” Blue observed pumpkins on nearby porches. “Definitely October.” Eventually, he turned onto the road adjacent to his. “Getting closer,” he told himself. His heart raced as he walked down that road.
He couldn’t bear to think about it as his chest compressed even tighter.
“Well, here we are.” He looked up at the green street sign he’d seen so many times before. “Gingerplum street.” It had always fascinated him. What even was a Gingerplum? “Let’s see who’s here.” He walked down the street and looked at the houses that he once knew. “Ah, the Davis household. Nice folks.” He watched leaves fall onto their grass. It was a relatively wealthy neighborhood - the lawns were gorgeous. “Sub herb,” he told himself. “What a funny thing she said.”
As he walked closer, he felt a pit form in his stomach.
He heard chirps he once knew.
A plane flew through the cloudy sky, sending its echoes booming down like they had done long ago.
A lawnmower sounded from somewhere.
“Well,” he put his head down. Well! What else was there to say? Oh, when could this have been? Who could Vaud have been?
What if he was Vaud?
Obviously he wasn’t — but it could be anyone!
“Well.” As the street widened, he knew he had reached a dead end. “Well.
He looked up.
“Well.”
In front of him sat the yellow house he once knew, the trees in full color.
“Well.”
He walked across the lawn to a window — his window — and peered inside.
On the bed rested a boy with brown hair.
“Is that…” he peered in. “Is that me?”
The boy stood up and walked over to the window, staring at Blue.
“Uh,” he said. “Hello. Hi.”
But the boy didn’t respond. He continued to stare for a moment, then walked off.
“Ah,” said Blue. “He must not have noticed me.”
“Arthur!” a voice called from the house. “Arthur, come in here.”
“Coming!” The boy ran out of the room.
“Ah, that’s Mom.” Blue smiled, but quickly focused in on the room. He looked around — what could he see in here? What would provide information about the time period?
It was a messy room — oh, it was a very messy room.
“I was never the neatest,” he told himself. What else was there?
He peered down through the window — right behind it was a table. He noticed a triangular piece of paper — a calendar! And it just so happened to be facing towards the window!
It was October of ten years ago. Or, so he thought it had been ten years — he had no idea how much time had actually passed since entering the Land of the Light.
“That date!” said Blue. “That date seems so familiar!” He pondered on it.
What could it mean?
He watched as the sun cast shining rays through the reddening leaves. Clearly it was Fall — but what happened on this day?
“Mom,” he heard inside the building. “Where’s the card?”
“Oh, it’s on the table. Sign it with a pen this time — no pencil!”
A card? For what occasion?
“Mom, we don’t need to go yet. We don’t have to be the first ones there.”
“You know Daniel better than anyone else. We should be the first ones there.”
Ah! Daniel. Blue turned away from the house and looked down the world.
It was some occasion for Daniel — perhaps a birthday party of some kind?
Or some other sort of party?
But what could have happened the day of an event like that?
Blue pondered this.

The smile slowly faded from his face as he thought more about it.
He remembered the panic.
He remembered the search.
He remembered when they found him — far too late, by the shed in the woods.

“Oh God,” said Blue. “Vaud is Kayden! Vaud is Kayden! Vaud. Is. Kayden. Oh my God!”
Daniel’s brother had almost been one of his own. Blue couldn’t bear to remember losing him.
“Alright,” he panicked. “I… well, I’m not sure what I can do. Nobody even knows I’m in this world, clearly. I could throw the brick, sure — I suppose I can change the world around me — but nobody can see me. Oh my God! How am I supposed to get to him in time? Surely I have to save him. Maybe…” he stopped. “Maybe — since we’re in the past, if I save him, history will change? Maybe there won’t be a Vaud. Or maybe there will be. I don’t know. I don’t know!” A pit formed in his stomach. Vaud is Kayden.
Vaud is Kayden!
“Surely,” he told himself, “I need to somehow find him before it’s too late. Well, not me… but,” he heard the boy speak from inside the house, “me”.
He listened as birds continued to chirp.
“How might this work?” he asked himself. “No Evelyn. No Penelope. Just me. Well.” He stared at the clouds. “Surely I’ve gotta do what I can, right? I… well, surely I can try to make some hints or something. If I can only change the world, maybe I can direct myself to him. After that? Well… that’s not for me to decide.” He sighed. What a tragedy! Vaud was Kayden this whole time!
“Alright,” he said. “I guess I gotta get to work. How could I convince this kid to get to the woods… in time?” He turned back to his house, which was as softly yellow as ever. 

Grief

The Blue household sparkled under the sunlight. As the child got ready for his friend’s party, he looked around his room for the gift. He’d got it with his parents; it was a new game controller. Supposedly, it even had rubber grips on the back. The child wanted it all for himself; however, he knew he had to give him away.
“Daniel should love this,” he said, grabbing the box. “Let’s hope this one doesn’t break.” He exited the bedroom and shut the door behind him.
Then the brick flew in through the window.
“Wha-!” The child stepped back in as he stared at the note. As he slowly approached forward, he inspected the brick further.

Blue,
It’s me, Kayden.
I’ve gone out to Fort Arrowood to go hide something for Daniel’s birthday. When you have a chance, quickly come out here! We’ll show him a surprise at the end of the party. But make sure you go alone!

Your Friend,
Kayden

“Aw,” said the child. “I gotta get over there!” He rushed out the door. “Mom.”
“Yes?” She walked over to him. “Are you ready?”
“Mom, I’ll be right back. Kayden wants to set up a surprise.”
“Alright. Be safe!” She gave him a kiss goodbye.
The child hopped on his bike and rode out of the garage, onto the street. The sun shined down from above, leaving streaks of light through the colorful trees. It was a crisp autumn morning.
“Well,” the child rode down the street. “Well!” He rang the bell to nobody in particular. “What does he want to set up? What could it be?” The boy continued on his journey along the recently-paved roads.
The child thought about the different gifts he’d given to Daniel in the past. There had been the basketball hoop that everyone pitched in for. And who could forget the trip to Florida? Now that was a vacation!
Blue remembered when he was far younger, he’d written Daniel and Kayden a story — he’d even bound the paper pages with string. It had been a joint Christmas gift — a story about a hero saving the city. What had his name been again? Vlad? Vold? Ved? It was a silly name — but it definitely started with a V and ended with a D.
“Whatever the name was,” the child said to himself, “Kayden seemed to love it.”
Soon, he entered the woods. Fort Arrowood — their attempt at building a shed. Surely Kayden was already there!



“Come on,” said Blue, pedaling behind the child. He was on his father’s bike. “Come on!”
The child stepped off the bike once he entered the woods, and started to walk it through.
Blue followed.
“Kayden!” The child ran through the woods. “Kayden, where are you? Kayden. Kayden?”

Kayden lay on the ground.
“Oh no,” said Blue. “No. No!” He ran over. “No no no no no no no no!”
“Kayden?” The child’s voice shook. “Kayden, what happened?”
“Blue,” Kayden turned to the child. “Blue. A snake.”
“What?” The child held him. “What happened, Kayden? A snake what?”
“A snake bit me.” He lifted his arm to show the child the bite.
“Live!” Blue watched from above them. “Live!”
“Kayden, you need a doctor,” said the child. “Just stay here. Let me go get someone.”
“Blue,” Kayden reached out to the child.

Blue.

And there he rested.

“Kayden?” The child poked him. “Kayden!”

He was gone,

just as he had been before.



“No!” Blue turned away. “Did I lose? Oh, this world was cursed from the start!” He turned back. “And Kayden! He was… he…

I created Vaud.

I created Vaud.” Blue’s head spun — was there any hope now? How could he possibly put Kayden to rest in a world where he barely existed? He turned back to the child.

He sat next to Kayden, silent.

The blanket of clouds slowly fastened itself back onto the sky, leaving the woods under shadow.

“Kayden?” The child shook him once again. “Help!” he called into the forest. “Help! He’s out! He’s not awake!”

Blue could barely look — he watched in horror. He’d failed, surely! Oh! Oh no!

Blue sat down next to the child.

The woods soon grew silent, and the child lay next to Kayden.

Slowly, Blue felt an inexplicably heavy wave of exhaustion fall over him.

And, next to his brethren,

he slept.
Chapter 6
Colorlo
The Wall of Amethyst

Penelope lay on a small patch of blue flowers. She turned to her companion - what had happened to him?
“Blue?” She walked over. “Blue, what’s wrong?” She put her hand on his arm. “What happened?”
He stared back but did not speak.
“Well, let’s see where we are. Here, Blue - look. It’s a lovely day out. You like nice days, don’t you? It’s just like your world! All of these lovely days! Imagine all the walks we could take.” She turned to him. “It’ll feel just like home.” She turned around. “Look at this world!”
Blue softly nodded.
“I can’t tell what that is in the distance.” Penelope squinted. “It looks like a mountain or something.”
“Yeah.” 
“Where do you think we should go?” Penelope looked at him.
“I don’t know,” he responded, softly.
“Well, we should probably think of something. Look!” She pointed to a nearby hill striped with pink and white flowers. “Let’s explore there!” Penelope led Blue over to the flowers.
What had happened to him? Oh, a tragedy? What had truly occurred in that simulation?
She figured that now was not the time to ask.
Penelope looked toward the object in the distance once again - as she walked toward the hill, it rose up. It stretched as far as she could see.
She stepped onto the flowers, feeling them crouch beneath her. She gasped as she stared into the distance. More hills - all with different colored flowers!
“Oh, Blue, come over here! It’s lovely.” She teared up. She looked toward him as he watched the hills.
“They’re nice.”
“Well,” she went quiet for a moment, “we could just keep walking. I doubt Vaud walked through here. How could he have been hurt by a land so wonderful?” She stared out at the hills, their rainbow flowers smiling back at her. “I guess we should just sit here for a moment.” Penelope sat down while Blue remained standing.
“Hullo!” A voice called out from the distance.
Blue immediately turned around as Penelope stared at the hills.
“Hullo!” The voice called again.
“I’ll go check it out.” Blue walked toward the voice.
“Alright,” said Penelope as she continued to look out at the hills. Something looked… right… about them. Not a single cloud in the sky. Well - maybe a few.
The blue flowers sparkled extra vibrantly - they varied in shades.
She thought about her friend - her prince. What had truly happened? After all, he’d never brought up what he had seen. And he seemed… different. Her smile faded just thinking about it. What could it have been?
Another demon?
Maybe 2 demons?
Surely he hadn’t seen Vaud in his final state - that would be for later.
And what could the rules of the simulation have possibly been?
She felt goosebumps form on her skin.
“Hey, Penelope.” She turned around to see Blue stand next to short man. “This is Lobbo.”
“Lobbo, eh?” She stood up and shook his hand. “Pleasure to meet you. I’m Penelope.”
“I hear you two are travelers, yes? Your friend told me all about you two.”
“Yes,” she said. “Just travelers passing through.”
“Well, you came at an unfortunate time. See that thing in the distance?” He pointed at the formation she’d noticed earlier. “That’s the Wall of Amethyst - an impenetrable structure that traps us all here. We call this place Emerald Valley - but instead of mountains around us, we have the Wall.”
“I see.” Penelope turned to look at the wall. “How did this get here?”
“Our core - the Colorlo - it gives life to our world. But someone took out the core. So the Wall went up as a defense mechanism. The core lies somewhere in our valley, but we have no idea where.”
“Ah,” said Penelope. Surely that must be Vaud! “Well, Lobbo,” she said. “We have some tools. Just ask Blue.”
She watched as Blue took Lobbo aside to show him his equipment. He unsheathed his sword and took out the clarinet case from his backpack. Her eyebrows rose - so much confidence! Yet… so much sorrow, too. How could he exist like this? He was a walking contradiction!
“Aha!” Lobbo exclaimed as they walked back over. “Well, let me tell you both something - something peculiar, see?”
Penelope blinked.
“Our valley,” said Lobbo, “well, where do I even begin? For one, the enclosed area is not that large - but it’s dense, see? We have so many places! Aha! Beautiful forests! Rolling hills!” He gestured to the flowers around him. “Aha - even a snow palace! But… there’s an issue! We’ve looked everywhere! And that core… well,” he sighed, “we haven’t found it yet. It’s somewhere within these walls. It physically has to be, see?”
“Well,” Blue said to Penelope. “This is probably related to… Kayden.”
“Who?”
“Sorry, I meant Vaud. This is probably related to him.” He turned to Lobbo. “We can retrace steps and excavate with our tools. Where should we start?”
“Well, surely we must go to the Colorlo first! Thankfully, we have a town near it, see? It’s called BubbleVille.”
“Bubble… Ville?” Penelope tilted her head. How peculiar! Yet creative…
“Yes, BubbleVille! The king would love to chat with you.”
“Alright,” said Blue, and gestured forward. “Take us away.”
“With pleasure!” Lobbo smiled. “Alas, cart!” He clapped his hands and a carriage appeared in front of him.
“How did you do that?” Penelope stared, eyes wide.
“Ah, it’s the power of the Colorlo! It’s still got a bit left, see? It just doesn’t replenish itself!”
“We can just fly,” said Blue.
“No-“ Penelope stuck her hand out. “Besides, Evelyn doesn’t fly super fast horizontally. We’ll take the carriage.”
Penelope stepped off the pink flowers onto the cart.
“So, when did this incident happen?”
“Aha,” said Lobbo. “Maybe days. Maybe years. Who knows! The Wall has been up for so long, haha! The center lands, they’re… well…” Lobbo frowned as he pedaled the cart, “the center lands have grayed out.”
“The center lands?” Penelope tilted her head.
“The Wall is a circle, see? And at the center of that circle is our Colorlo. The center lands are the first to go.”
“Wouldn’t it make more sense for the outer parts to go sooner?” asked Blue. “Since the core is in the middle?”
“Aha! No. Absolutely not.”
Penelope raised an eyebrow.
“Aha!” Lobbo turned to them. “The energy is in the Wall now - to keep it up, see? The wall pushes life toward the center! As the life goes away, the center is the first to go, see?”
“Interesting,” said Blue.
“So,” said Penelope. “Are we going to these… gray lands?”
“I’m afraid so. But we must. Thankfully, BubbleVille has held out. The Colorlo has backup power - enough for the town.”
“Hm,” said Penelope. How intriguing! She’d never seen a world like this before!
“So how far out from the center would you say we are?”
“Aha!” The carriage rolled down a hill. “Not too close, but not too far! Maybe halfway?” He slowly pedaled uphill. “And these are not the only hills out here!”
“How are you doing that?” asked Blue.
“Doing what?”
“Pedaling up with us. How are you strong enough for this?”
“Aha!”
Penelope figured that was a good enough answer.
“Aha!” said Lobbo. “You see the flowers?”
Penelope carefully looked out the window, and her heart stopped. A beautiful blue hill of flowers smiled at her. She felt she was home - no - not in the Land of the Light - truly home. Like it was something she’d once seen in a dream. She couldn’t put her finger on it.
“They’re nice,” she said.
“What about you, sir Blue? You see?”
“I do.” He sighed. “I see them.”
“Sir Blue, what’s the matter?”
“It’s nothing. Sorry.”
“Aha, we are almost out of here!” He pedaled up a tall blue hill. “Aha, aha!” As they reached the peak, Penelope peered out the front of the carriage.
Grassy slopes with sparse trees flooded her eyes.
“You know,” said Blue. “There was a game from where I was from. They called it golf.” Penelope watched as he looked at the slopes. “Never played it. But it used an area like this.” He inhaled. “As a kid, we used to stay at a condo complex in the summer. You know - it was near the beach. And it was on a golf course. Never played the game, but we always drove by it.”
“Ah, interesting, sir Blue!” said Lobbo. “What’s your world like now?”
“Gone.”
“Oh, I’m terribly sorry! Here’s some advice, sir Blue. Think about what it was like when you were last there! Don’t forget it. But live on in its heart.”
“That’s an interesting piece of advice,” said Penelope. “Blue - what was it like the last time you were there?”
“I’d rather not discuss it.” He went quiet.
As they drove down the slopes, Penelope noticed Blue shed a tear. She examined the grass - what was golf?
“Hey Blue,” she said. “What’s golf?”
“It’s a game they played with a small ball. Basically, they hit a stick against the ball and sent it flying.”
“How fascinating!” she said, as the trio continued on toward BubbleVille.
Oh - what a tiring day! Penelope yawned and rested her head against the window. As she closed her eyes, she thought of the flowers.
The Grand Pathway

“Ah, welcome to the BubbleVille area!” Lobbo gestured out.
“Huh?” Penelope lifted her head. “Oh, I’m sorry. Did I doze off? And…” she turned outside and saw dead trees. She gasped - the dirt was gray. “This doesn’t look like I imagined it to.”
“Ah, no worries! Alas, we still have a little bit to go!”
Penelope stared at the foggy landscape, wide-eyed. What kind of awful place was this! How spooky!
“How long was I out for?”
“Couldn’t tell you,” said Blue.
“It’s alright, really.” Lobbo turned back to her. “Every princess needs her rest.”
Penelope blushed.
“So - remind me of what this place looks like?” Blue asked.
“Very colorful, yes! The locals call it Pinktown.”
“And why’s that?”
“Oh, you’ll see! It’s a surprise.” Lobbo grinned.
As the carriage rolled, Penelope thought again about those hills - what were those flowers?
Suddenly, the road ahead looked brighter.
“What is that?” Penelope asked.
“Aha,” said Lobbo. “Almost there!”
Penelope saw something whizz by the cart.
“And what is that?”
“Ah,” said Lobbo. “A bubble! How do you think this town got its name?”
Penelope felt a bump, and realized they were driving on a paved road. The gray dirt slowly grew green grass as the sky turned blue. Bubbles filled the sky as trees lined the road.
“Well, Mr. Blue,” said Lobbo. “What do you think?”
Penelope looked out the front - the trees stretched as far as she could see! It reminded her of the “golf course,” but with slightly darker greens. It felt normal.
Almost too normal? How spectacular!
“Well,” said Blue. “It’s interesting enough. But I don’t see the palace.”
“Ah, Blue.” Lobbo continued pedaling. “The palace is invisible from this far away!”
“What?”
“Well, this town’s core is tiny! They need to save their energy. So the palace does not render itself to an outsider until they’re closer!”
Penelope watched a hydrangea bush come into view.
“The same goes for everything else in this town,” said Lobbo. “Except the bubbles! They’re the waste product of the town’s core.”
In a flash, Penelope watched as blue houses came into view.
“They’re pretty.”
“Ah, yes,” said Lobbo. “They say that about Pinktown.”
As they rode along, Penelope thought again about those flowery hills. Oh, what could they have reminded her of? It was like something she once knew. Something so incredibly distant - just barely in the back of her mind!
She’d have to ask Father! Surely he’d know.
She continued to think about those clear skies and striped foliage.
“Penelope,” said Blue.
“What?”
“Penelope, get out.”
“What…?” She looked out in front of her and gasped. In front of them was a bright magenta palace. “How long was I out for?”
“A bit,” said Blue.
“Ah, no worry!” said Lobbo. “BubbleVille confuses many.”
“So who are we here for?” asked Blue. “The king, right?”
“Yes!” said Lobbo. “He has more information than I do on the Colorlo. And with your tools - well, we might be able to solve this thing!”
“Great!” Penelope looked up at the sparkling palace as bubbles floated around her. “So how do we get up to him?”
“Ah”, said Lobbo.
“What?”
“All who wish to speak with the king must pass one of two trials. They deem one worthy of speech.”
“Aren’t we the ones helping him?”
“I don’t make the rules, Miss.”
They get into the palace
“Aha!” said Lobbo. “Here is where I must leave you for now. The two trials. Take your pick!”
“What’s that one?” Penelope pointed toward a set of double doors on the center wall.
“Ah!” Lobbo smiled. “The mirror trial! Things are not what they seem in there. Reflections! Fake doors! A popular choice… if one does not get stuck!”
“And that one?” asked Blue, looking toward a door in the corner of the room.
“Aha! The pathway.”
Lobbo spoke no more.
“Well, Blue,” asked Penelope. “Which one do we do?”
“Is one more popular over the other?” he asked Lobbo.
“Aha, I cannot say. Go with what you think.”
Penelope eyed both of the doors. Oh! The grand double doors stood in front of her. How regal! Yet - mysterious… She looked across the room at the other door. Its area was dimly lit and the door itself looked worn down.
“What do you think, Blue?”
“Lobbo, are we allowed to peek in first?” said Blue. “This whole thing is kind of suspicious.”
“Ah, certainly, Mr. Blue!”
Penelope and Blue slowly walked over to the set of double doors. She watched as he slowly opened them.
“What do you see?” Blue asked as Penelope peered inside. Honestly, she didn’t know what she was even looking at. There appeared to be two more identical sets of doors inside, separated by foggy mirrors. The red carpet looked pristine; yet, a cloud of steam filled the air.
“Uh,” she said. “I’m not sure.” She turned back to Lobbo. “So you’re saying if we commit to this, we could get lost in an endless maze?”
“Aha,” he said. “I will not say. But, to answer your question…” he giggled, “perhaps.”
“What does ‘perhaps’ mean?” Blue asked. “Are you saying we just ‘fail the trial and go home’, or that we’re literally trapped there forever?”
“I’m sorry, Mr. Blue. Truly, I am. But under the king’s orders, I’m not allowed to say.”
“Fine. Penelope, let’s go over to the other door.” Penelope followed Blue to the left side of the room and they stood in front of the wooden door. The light above it flickered. “Lobbo, what the hell is this?”
“Ah, you’ve spotted the pathway! The second trial.”
“Yeah, you said that.”
Penelope looked at Blue. Why was he so… angry?”
“Oh, Lobbo,” she said. “May we have a look at this one too?”
“Of course, Lady Penelope.”
Lady Penelope! Only Shelby called her that.
Blue slowly opened the door - it creaked as he did so.
“Alright, Penelope.” He gestured in. “What do you see?”
Penelope gasped. She had no idea what she was even looking at. A gray platform extended away from the door, dimly lit by more flickering lights. She couldn’t tell what was below it - but the vastness expanded as far as she could see.
“Lobbo, is there anything in here? Do we just walk down this?”
“Ah, I can not say anything for certain. But you may find more consistent results here than in the other trial. That’s all I can say.”
“Well,” she turned to Blue. “If we’re careful, we’ll probably be okay. Seems like the other door is based off of random luck.”
“Yeah, I agree. We should probably do this one.”
“I just don’t get why it looks so weird.” She stared back in. “It’s, well… Creepy.”
“Have you made your choice?” Lobbo tilted his head.
“Yes,” said Blue. “We’re doing this one.”
“Very well then. Good luck with the rest of your endeavors.”
Blue held the door open, and Penelope waved back as the door shut behind them.
“Odd guy,” said Blue.
“I liked him.” Penelope stared out. “Where are we?” She looked below her - it was just void! The path continued to flicker.
“No idea,” said Blue. Penelope jolted as he stormed ahead. She noticed a green glow in the distance.
“Why are you being difficult?” she called out to him. “What did you see in that simulation?”
“Not important,” he said. “Let’s just get through here.” Penelope watched as he stared down into the void. “There’s no bottom. This platform just stretches down as far as I can see.”
Penelope stared down at the platform as it flickered, small bulbs embedded in its side.
“Blue, what’s that out there?” She pointed at the green glow.
“No clue.” She saw him walk in its direction. “Hey,” he called back a moment later.
“What? Did you find it?”
“Looks like some… trees?”
Penelope rushed over to him and looked off the edge of the platform. Her eyed widened as she stared at the glow - leaves were rustling in the void.
“I wonder what they’re planted on,” she said. “Do you think we could climb down them?”
“Probably don’t want to risk it. We should turn, anyway.” He pointed to their right - the path curved that way.
“How long do you think this path goes?”
“Hopefully not that much longer.”
She looked down at the line of trees - it followed the path.
“Hey,” said Penelope. “What’s that up there?” She saw more flickering lights above them.
“This whole place is so weird.” Blue stared up. Penelope watched as he froze.
“What?”
“Lever.”
“What?” She walked over to him.
“Look.” Blue pointed in front of him. “A lever.”
Penelope stared at the stone lever embedded into the center of the platform. What was it doing there?
“Should we pull it?” she asked.
“Might as well try.” She watched as Blue struggled to pull it. “Can I have some help?”
“Sure.” She walked over and grabbed it with him. Suddenly, it jolted backwards and they fell to the ground. Penelope closed her eyes and groaned.
“Penelope.” Blue shook her.
“What?” She rubbed her head.
“Penelope, open your eyes. Look!”
As she slowly opened her eyes, she noticed a blue glow above her.
“The lights are on?” She jumped up. “Where are we?”
“Look!” Blue pointed off the platform and Penelope rushed over. She gasped - a grassy ground lay far below them. And the trees! She stared at them too. It all made sense now!
“Are we in a jungle or something?”
“Seems like it. I still genuinely have no idea where this is.” Blue looked around. “There’s no way we’re in the palace anymore.”
“Maybe we’re in a pocket dimension or something?”
“No clue.”
Penelope looked above - the pathway twisted its way up into the sky.
“I guess we just follow it up there?” She watched it, eyes widened.
“I suppose so.” Blue continued walking. Penelope followed him, noting how the platform twisted into a spiral. She looked at the taller trees now, dispersed among the others. She then looked at the door they came in through, open as they’d left it.
Open as they’d left it?
“Why’s the door open?” She pointed to it.
“What?” Blue looked toward it.
“The door we came in. Didn’t we shut it? And wasn’t the room we came through lit up?” She noticed the dark doorway from afar. “What’s going on with that?”
“I’m not sure. I don’t think we can trust anything here.” Blue sighed. “Anything could mean something, I think. This place is too much.”
Slowly, a gray arm slid through the doorway.
“Um.” Penelope watched it.
A second arm emerged.
“Blue.”
A head poked out.
“Blue!” She screamed.
“What?” Blue turned toward the door. Penelope pointed at the entity as it crawled in. It had no legs - just arms and a body. “What the hell?”
The jungle thundered and rain began to fall.
“Blue!” she screamed. “It’s coming!”
“Now, wait.” He peered off the edge. “How do we know it’s bad?”
The creature crawled down the path.
Clomp. Clomp.
“I have no clue what’s going on,” said Penelope. “Where are we? What is this thing? Why do we have to do this to see the king?”
“Look,” said Blue. “Let’s just keep walking.” They navigated the slippery platform as it turned again. “Besides, we’re almost at the end.”
The rain poured down harder, and Penelope felt her hair drag behind her. The trees rustled and the creature sped up.
“God,” she said. “God!” She looked down at it. “What kind of tyrant could this man be? Throwing us with the dogs…” she looked at it. “The mechanical dogs, that is.” Where is Evelyn in this chapter bro you need to incorporate her into the second draft
“He’s testing us, I guess,” said Blue. “Not the worst thing I’ve seen on this adventure.” He looked down at the robot. “I still don’t think it’s here to harm us. I mean,” he watched it stumble down the path. “Maybe it’s being trained or something.”
“Blue!” She shook him.
“Relax,” he said. “Look.” Blue approached the exit door. “We’re here.”
“Oh.” Penelope turned red. “Well? Open it.”
“I’m trying,” he said. “The knob won’t budge.”
“What?” Penelope rushed over to it and grabbed the handle. “Open!” She shook it. “It’s over.” Her legs trembled. “That thing’s gonna get us!”
“No it won’t,” said Blue. “Look, let’s go over to it.” They walked over to the beast. It slowly crawled in their direction, then stopped short of them. The rain poured down onto it.
“What are you?” Blue asked.
It crawled closer and grabbed his leg.
“What? Let go of me.” He shook it.
The beast suddenly scrambled to the edge of the platform, carrying Blue with it.
“Help!” He screamed. “Penelope!”
She rushed over and froze - what could she do? The robot carried him closer to the edge. Please improve this in the next draft holy shit She ran over and pulled him away, knocking the robot over the edge. From afar, they heard a click.
“Oh,” said Blue. “You were right.”
Penelope’s chest pounded.
“Well,” he said. “Maybe the door unlocked?”
“Yeah,” she nodded, the rain slathering her. 
They walked to the end of the path together.
“I’m not quite sure what that was,” Blue chuckled. “Thank you.”
“My God.” She stared up at the door. “You would’ve just fallen onto the grass down there. You would’ve been gone. And imagine if we’d done the other test! We could’ve been trapped in that maze. What an odd kingdom this is!” She walked up to the door and turned the knob. Bright light shined in as she shielded her eyes.
“Ready?” She turned to Blue.
“Ready.”
A Lovely Hill of Flowers

     The room shone bright, and Penelope saw a red carpet in front of her, extending down the hall. Marble pillars lined the room as sunlight painted the ground.
“Huh?” She stared down at the end then turned around. Behind them lay two doors.
“Must be the trials,” said Blue, pointing at them. “We just came out of that one. And the other one is probably from the other trial.”
“That would make sense,” said Penelope as she turned to look down the hall again. She heard her voice echo off the walls. Dust floated through the air.
“Well,” said Blue.
They looked toward the end of the hall, where a large set of double doors stood.
“Well,” he said again. “We should probably go there.”
Penelope ran over to a window and looked outside, only to see nothing down below.
“How high up are we?”
“No clue.”
They walked towards the doors, their footsteps filling the room.
They go in the room. Also check indentation?
	“Ah,” said the king of BubbleVille. “Who goes there?”
	“Excuse us,” Penelope bowed. “We were sent by sir Lobbo.”
	“Ah.” The king turned. “Lobbo!”
	Lobbo walked into the room.
	“Lady Penelope! You two made it through!”
	“What exactly was that?” asked Blue. “What was the point of that?”
	“Sir Blue,” said Lobbo. “The point of that was to see you work together.”
	“But what was that… thing? Who designed that place?”
	“Some choices are better kept secret.” The king turned to Blue. “What brings you here?”
	“We believe your land’s predicament may tie into a quest we are on. We have some tools that may help.”
	“Very well then.” The king stepped toward him. “Present them.”
	Blue took out Tsunami and placed it at his feet.
	“First, sir, my sword. I will use it at your command. It allows me to manipulate water, and its durable blade will let me break through anything you need.”
“Ah, lovely. What is its name?”
“Blue Tsunami. A sword of the ancients.”
“Very well, then. What else may you have?”
Penelope took the clarinet and held it in front of the king.
“You see, sir,” said Blue. “This is no ordinary instrument. When I play, it will show me the past.”
“The past, you say?”
“Yes, almost like a cloud of my vision. It shows me anyone important to our quest, which I feel may be relevant here.”
“Interesting.”
“But that’s not all, sir. Its reed is engrained with a special compound, allowing me to utilize any past systems or objects.”
“I have heard plenty.” The king faced away from them. “You will surely prove very useful.” He turned back towards them. “We may have to make multiple stops. However, we must first go to the Colorlo.” He faced away once again. “Thankfully, it is not too far away from this part of our land. However, to get back its resources, we may have to travel further out. If they still exist, that is.” The king sighed. “Sir Blue. Lady Penelope.” He looked at them. “You are at my service. But I am also at yours. If you need anything from my men, just say it to be true.” He turned to Lobbo. “Sir Lobbo, we leave soon.”
“Yes sir.” Lobbo walked over to Blue and Penelope. “Let me introduce you to some of my friends, aha!”
As Lobbo guided them out of the room, Penelope noted the shining window behind the throne. It shined down upon the king as he watched them exit the room.
“These are my friends,” Lobbo gestured into the air.
“What?” said Penelope. “Where?”
“They act like the town does. Without the Colorlo, they are not visible to us.”
“Shouldn’t they be visible from close up?”
“Ah, no. Soldiers take more resources than buildings. Therefore, we sacrifice their visibility.” Lobbo took off his hat and placed it in the air, where it floated in front of him.
“Hello,” came a voice. “My name is Lobby.”
“Lobby?” Penelope’s eyes narrowed. “Lobbo and Lobby?”
“Yes, see?” said Lobbo. “More names take more energy.”
“And I,” came another voice as the hat moved, “am Lob.”
“Lobbo, Lobby, and Lob,” said Penelope. “Well, nice to meet both of you.”
“Are you joking?” Blue turned to Lobbo. “How does it take energy to show people?”
“Ah, we’re part of this town’s structure! Without a town, we cease to exist! Our existence is entirely tied to BubbleVille!”
Penelope’s eyes widened.
“Fascinating! So you were constructed with the town?”
“Well,” said Lob (Penelope figured it was him because the hat moved), “we were birthed from the town. The town lived and one day we showed up.”
“Too many questions!” said Lobby. “Too much talking!”
“He is correct,” said Lobbo. “It’s time to visit the Colorlo.”
They start their journey
“Men,” said the king from the center of the caravan. “You’re doing a great job. Are you sure you don’t need help?”
“Absolutely not, sir,” said Lob, as the pedals seemingly moved by themselves.
“Aha,” said Lobby from the back, pedaling some (visible) soldiers. “I think it’s almost time for a break!”
“Yes, yes!” Lobbo called from the front. Penelope watched off the side of the carriage - the flowery hills flourished under the blue sky.
“Cease!” said the king. “It is time for a break.” He gestured into the meadow. “The trees here should provide some wonderful shade for everyone to rest up.”
“Hey, Blue,” said Penelope. ‘Let’s go under that tree.” She pointed at one in the distance - it stood at the top of a hill, and bore luscious pedals.
“Sure.” He exhaled.
Penelope ran up the hill and dove under the tree.
“Oh, how wonderful!”
Blue slowly walked up behind her and sat down. He looked… off.
“Hey.” Penelope looked at him. “What’s going on?”
“I...” He stared out at the hills and exhaled. “I have something to tell you.”
“What?” She tilted her head - something seemed off about him.
“That simulation was my world.”
“What?”
“You know, when I went into the simulation. It was my world in the past.”
“Oh!” Her eyes widened. “How was that?”
“Penelope.” He closed his eyes. “Years ago, my best friend’s little brother died of a snake bite. It was horrible.”
“I see.”
“Penelope, he was Vaud.”
“What?”
“He was Vaud. But since I was playing by the simulation’s rules, I couldn’t save him. I watched him die.”
Penelope turned white.
“And even if I could’ve, it wouldn’t have mattered. That was a simulation. My world’s gone.”
Penelope remained silent.
“Penelope,” he rested his head on her shoulder. “Oh, Penelope! I’ve been so distant this whole time. I… I’m sorry.” Tears flooded his eyes. “I’m so sorry. I want to feel, Penelope. I want this nightmare to end.” He stood up and gestured towards the flowers. “All of this, Penelope. How do you do it?” He turned to her. “How do you find beauty in everything?” He walked back over and sat next to her again. “I don’t get it. You just… you find hope everywhere. You’re a creator of worlds. You’re a star in my cold heart.”
She spoke.
“You have to cherish what you have while you have it. I’m sure your friend was lovely.” She looked out into the meadow. “Like these flowers. And…” she turned to him. “Like you.” She stood up and kissed him on the cheek. “I love you, Blue. You don’t have to sell yourself to me.”
He embraced her, crying.
Penelope picked up a rose off the ground and placed it on his head.
“You’re blossoming now.”
“How peculiar,” he said. “Before, I was helping you. And now you’re helping me.”
“You need help, too. And you certainly need love.”
“I love you too, Penelope. Oh, Penelope! I love you.” He hugged her again. “No matter what happens. Please. Please, just… stay. Stay as you are.”
“You too, my dear.” Penelope held on until he eventually let go.
Even after he let go, he continued to stare at her - oh, what a bright light!
Blue looked out at the meadows - the blue sky stretched out as far as he could see.
Birds chirped as the striped flowery fields contrasted against the bright blue sky. Almost as if he was in a dream.
“Blue.” Penelope turned to him. “I have something to tell you, too.”
“What is it?”
“I feel like I know this. place. Or at least, somewhere like it.”
“I was thinking the same thing. It feels like a dream I once had.”
“No, Blue.” She looked into his eyes. “It feels like more to me. Almost like… I once knew somewhere like this. It’s just…” he watched as she turned to view the meadow. “I don’t know. I’m not sure.”
“Well, you’ve lived in the Land of the Light your whole life, right? Any vacations or anything?”
“Not to anywhere like this, no.”
“Well,” said Blue. “Maybe you just dreamed of it one time. Just like I did.” He stared out again at the flowers. “I think this is my favorite world.” He turned to her. “It’s so beautiful.”
“I think it’s my favorite too.” She smiled. Oh - he was so expressive now! Had he really felt that much pressure?
“I’d like to live in a world like this.” Blue turned to her and noticed her smile.  He felt a warmth go through him. “That is… if I can’t get my world back.” The warmth exited, and they remained silent for a few seconds.
“If you don’t get your world back,” Penelope turned to him, “I’ll find you one. I’ll make you one. I’m not sure how, but I’ll figure it out.”
“Make a world? Is that a thing?”
“I heard Sportus talking with some of the others. They think Vaud made a world. That’s where he is now.”
“You mean he’s occupying a world, right? This is known - or at least, assumed - information.”
“No.” She looked up at him. “They think he made a world. From scratch.”
Blue’s eyes widened.
“Can anyone just… make a world?”
“They don’t know how yet.”
“Do we know of anything that’s even remotely related to world altering? I mean…” Blue faced the tree. “Phasium can transport. But surely it can’t build, right?”
“We don’t know enough about it,” she said. “We don’t know what we can do. I mean - your reed - isn’t that insane? That’s not even just transporting at this point.”
Blue nodded and let her continue.
“Everything is just so… well, so odd! We can’t assume we know anything about any of this.” She inhaled. “I’d never heard of phasium in my life before this adventure.”
“It’s hard for me to tell what was and wasn’t normal to you.” He stared out at the meadow. “I mean, I knew you hadn’t heard of it, but - well, I kind of just figured you knew a bit more about how… well, how the universe worked. You’re basically its royalty, aren’t you?”
“Some things are kept from me. And I’m starting to think that Vaud may have more answers than anyone we know.”
“So if he knows everything, why wouldn’t he just end us now?”
“I…” Penelope shivered. “I have no idea.” How worrisome! She couldn’t bear the thought.
“Aha!” Lobbo walked over to them. “Aha! Clearly you could not hear the king. We are leaving now!”
“I see.” Blue stood up. As Penelope passed him, he turned to the meadow one more time. The flowery hill shined under the blue sky, quietly. He watched as the flowers shook in the light breeze, the wind flowing past his arms. He inhaled the flowery air.
Not a cloud in the sky.
Well, maybe a couple.
But they were nice.
Actually, this whole moment felt nice.
This whole world.
Or maybe this whole adventure.
And the girl he was with.
Oh, Penelope!
This whole thing.
It was lovely.
Or was it wonderful?
Maybe it was both.
He smiled in this dilemma.
The Great Maze

	“So,” said Penelope. “What exactly is the Colorlo?”
	“Well,” said Lobbo. “It has many layers, aha! All bright and shiny! You will see for yourself!”
	Blue looked at the ground - orange and dusty.
	“Aha,” said Lobbo. “To enter the Colorlo, we must pass through the Colorlo Transfer Zone!”
	“The what?” Blue faced forward.
	“Aha! The Colorlo Transfer Zone! It lets us enter, aha!”
	Blue squinted - what was in the distance? He made out a light.
	“Hey,” he said. “What is that?” A tall white building stood below it. “Is that…”
	“Aha!” said Lobbo. “The transfer zone!”
	“Wait,” said Blue. “If that’s the transfer zone, then where’s the Colorlo?”
	“Aha!” said Lobbo.
	Blue figured that was a good enough answer.
	“So,” said Penelope. “What exactly is in this Transfer Zone?”
	“Well,” said Lobbo. “Lots of things! All of the locking mechanisms, see? And the security! It is the only entrance, aha! Aha! Aha! And - this is the best part - it lights up!”
	“You don’t say.” Blue watched as the light moved closer. He thought he saw a giant white cube laying in the desert.
	“When was this stuff even built?” asked Penelope.
	“The Colorlo was here first, see? But then they learned to contain it. To use it. To lock its abilities behind power, see? Until now.”
By this point, they were approaching the cube. Blue saw a small gap at its base.
“We’ll go in here,” said Lobbo. He pedaled the cart into the Transfer Zone - the hallway was dim, with only very low lights. Blue stared straight ahead to the end of the hall.
“Where are we going?” asked Blue when they stopped. “Isn’t this a dead end?”
“Aha! No.”
Suddenly, Blue felt the ground shake below him. As he stared upward, he saw the ceiling retract.
They instantly shot up the tunnel, Penelope’s hair flying in the wind.
They screamed as they rose higher and higher up. After an eternity, Blue finally opened his eyes.
As the cart reached its peak, the floor suddenly closed below them. Lobbo pedaled down the hall, brighter than the last.
“Where are we?” Blue caught his breath. “What is this place?”
“Apologies for the scare, Sir Blue. The carriage entrance is a bit abrupt.” Lobbo continued to pedal down the hallway. “This place is full of different pathways, see?”
As Blue stared out the side of the carriage, he spotted long hallways branching out in front of him, their tunnels leading to darkness.
“What’s even down these?” Blue’s eyes widened.
“Each one has a purpose, Sir Blue. And those ones lead to more. They all help power the Colorlo.”
“Has anyone ever gotten lost in here?”
“Nobody I’m aware of. You just have to know where you’re going, see?”
Lobbo eventually, turned down one of the hallways. Then another. Then… another?
“This cube feels bigger than it looked like out there,” said Penelope. “Are we even still in Emerald Valley?”
“Ah, we’re still here. We haven’t left. Not yet.”
“Not yet?”
“Not yet.”
More Colorlo Transfer Zone stuff
“Well,” said Blue. “Is this it?” He stared at the trapdoor below him, which remained closed.
“Yes. Remember, it’s still powered with its own power source. But the core! Oh, the core. And that’s why it won’t work.”
As he trapdoor slowly opened, Blue felt the building rumble. As he peered into the hole, he noticed flashing lights of different colors. The indigo tunnel remained untouched as the lights blinked down the side. They reminded him of Christmas.
“Get out,” said Lobbo.
And so they did.
“Are you ready?” He asked.
“Yes,” said Blue.
“Yep.” Penelope shook.
“Let’s go.”
And so they jumped down.
Blue closed his eyes as the wind rushed past him - oh, he could feel Tsunami rattle against his leg! Penelope screamed next to him.
“Blue!” She said. “Blue! Open your eyes!”
He opened them and gasped. As they fell down the tunnel, the light show increased. They plunged further into the void.
“Lobbo!” he called in front of him. “Lobbo, what is this?”
“We’ll be fine, sir Blue!” Lobbo dove downward. “It’s all part of the plan. Do not worry! Just let yourself fall!”
Blue continued falling. Surely they couldn’t still be in Emerald Valley. Surely! How far down into the planet’s crust could they have gone at this point?
Did this planet even have a crust?
Was this even a planet?
Blue heard a mechanical whir around him as the lights grew brighter.
“Welcome to Colorlo,” a voice called from somewhere. “We are glad you are here to visit.”
How odd! Why would they dare enter like this? He trusted Lobbo - sure, he was questionable, but surely he knew the correct entrance. But still! A fall? And they were still falling! He knew not why they’d structure it like this - surely this… portal(?) didn’t have to be this steep, or this convoluted!
“How far does this go?” shouted Penelope. “Why is this a drop?”
“Don’t question the Colorlo, aha!” Lobbo called. “It’s done its thing forever!”
“Am I dreaming?” she called again.
“No!” said Blue. “At least, I don’t think we are.” He stared forward at the dim indigo walls. “Lobbo!”
“Blue! We’re almost there!”
Suddenly, his fall slowed. He watched as the glossy black ground appeared below him, and adjusted himself to land on his feet.
“Well,” he said as he landed. “Well!” What a fall! And he didn’t even need Evelyn to descend!
“So.” The hallway flashed colors in front of him. “Lobbo, why is it like this?”
“Ah, Blue!” Lobbo approached him. “Yes, it’s rather odd. We aren’t entirely sure if the Colorlo is natural, or if it was built by ancient peoples. All we know is that we found it, and it provided power. We built the Transfer Zone around it as a way to capture its energy.”
“So what’s the whole structure of this place?”
“Well,” said Lobbo, “you said you can see the past with your… instrument, yes?”
“Absolutely.”
“Well, then. We shall go to the core’s location, and you can play your tunes. Surely we can track the direction it left.”
“Was the Colorlo… guarded?” asked Penelope.
“Well, these halls are free to explore! But the core, well, it was supposed to be. Nobody’s here now, of course, see? With the whole disaster…”
“Well,” said Blue, staring into the darkway. As rainbow colors flashed down the hallway, he wondered where this structure may have came from.
“Lobbo.” Blue looked towards him. “How do we navigate around here?”
“Lobby knows, see?” said Lobbo.
“Lobby knows? So do we just wait for them?” Penelope looked down the hall - how odd! She watched the light strips against the wall - they were lovely! But also a bit strange. “Isn’t Lobby the one who’s completely invisible?”
“Ah, yes.” Lobbo frowned.
“Can’t Lob just give him his hat? Or can’t one of us just give him something? We won’t know where he’s going!”
“Ah, Lobby is strange when it comes to articles of clothing. Once the core got removed and he became invisible, he stopped dressing, for he liked being mysterious!”
“What?” Blue turned to him and squined.
“Yes, it was quite odd indeed! Now he won’t wear anything. He’s too used to being without clothing, aha!”
“So what do we do?” asked Blue.
“Well, I suppose we’d have to follow him by sound, see?”
“You’re joking. Can’t I just play the clarinet and track it down that way?”
“Ah, yes! Go right ahead.”
Blue put the reed in and blew into the clarinet. Suddenly, ghostly trails of several colors covered the floor.
“Ah,” he took it out. “Seems like he was here plenty of times. This won’t tell us anything.”
“Wait, Blue.” Penelope turned to him. “Play it again! I saw something.”
Blue played the note again and noticed a flashing structure standing in the hallway in front of him. It brightened as he walked closer - it looked so real! As he approached it, Penelope screamed.
“Ah!” Blue put the clarinet down.
“What did you do, sir Blue?” asked Lobbo. A wooden wall stood in the place of the flashing image. “Ah, wait! That looks like the temporary barricade they put up many a time back! They restricted access to the halls, see? So they blocked it off.”
“Incredible,” said Blue. He took out Tsunami and began to hack at the wall. To his surprise, it instantly popped out of existence.
“The phasite reed!” said Penelope. “Blue, your reed can bring stuff back!”
“Incredible!” Lobbo stared down the hall. “Sir Blue, you should refrain from doing that in here, however. It may inconvenience us.”
“Sir Blue!” Blue turned around to see a hat run towards him.
“Ah, Lob!” said Lobbo. “How was your entrance?”
“Not too bad, aha!”
“Yes!” the air (Lobby) said behind him. “The soldiers are outside guarding while we’re in here.”
“Sir Blue!” said the king. “We hope you enjoy this place.”
“Your majesty,” said Penelope. “Do you know how to get around this place?”
“Unfortunately, I do not have the exact layout memorized. However, Lobby does!”
Blue groaned.
“Ah, over here!” The air spoke from afar. “Come this way!”
“Coming, Lobby!” The hat ran in his direction.
“Why is Lob in front?” asked Blue. “I can barely see him.”
“You bring up a good point,” said Lobbo. “Lob! Let Blue pass.”
Blue ran to the front of the pack and quickly reached an intersection.
“This way!” Lobby called from the left. Blue ran after his voice, only to approach a four-way split.
“This way! Here! Hurry!” The voice called to the right.
“Everyone good?” Blue called as he ran. Suddenly, he collided with the air. “Sorry, Lobby!”
“It’s quite alright, Blue. We have more running to do!”
The pack ran through the Colorlo - Lobby in the front, Blue behind, and everyone else trailing behind them.
“Ah,” Lobbo said to Penelope. “He’s certainly something, that Blue. He’s changed up his whole act since you two arrived.”
“I suppose he has,” said Penelope.
As Blue charged down the hall, a voice called to the right.
“Sir Blue! We’re here!”
Blue looked down the hallway - this one stretched longer. He walked down it, noting the absence of light.
“Lobby, why’s it so dark in here?”
“Ah, sir Blue! To distinguish it from the lights.”
“Wouldn’t lighting it up make it more obvious?”
“Yes, but that would take more power! The Colorlo has not much power right now, see?”
Blue figured that was a good enough answer.
“Well, Blue,” Lobby said as they reached the end of the hall. Blue gasped; in front of him, a large circular room contained a pedestal.
“What is this? What’s supposed to be up here?”
“Well,” said Lobby. Allow me to demonstrate.”
Blue heard footsteps (presumably up the steps of the pedestal) and watched as the floor opened in the center. As a metal rod rose upward, Blue noticed the empty claw.
“This is for the core, see?” said Lobby. It’s supposed to go in here.
“Was that motion-activated?” Blue couldn’t tell - after all, Lobby was invisible!
“Yes. Wasn’t that obvious?”
“Sir Blue!” The king ran into the room. “Now you see our issue!”
“Wow!” Penelope followed behind him. “Incredible!”
Blue watched as the hat ran in, only for Lobbo to crash into him from behind.
“Apologies, Lob,” said Lobbo.
“All is forgiven!” The hat turned to face Blue. “Play your instrument!”
“Ah, of course!” Blue played the clarinet, noting one distinct trail exiting the room. However, as he watched the claw, he noticed a flashing cube within it.
“Wait!” said Penelope. “Blue, go touch it!”
Blue reached out for the cube, which surprisingly morphed into existence. However, the room stayed the same.
“It’s only a replica,” said the king. As he tapped the cube, it popped. “It was worth a shot, though.”
Blue played again, leading the group out of the room to follow the trail. As he approached the entrance, he noticed the trail travel back up the chute. As soon as he stepped in, he began to float.
A moment later, he shot out of the Colorlo.
“Well,” said Lobbo. “Well! It’s time to travel some more.”
“Yes,” said Blue. “I suppose it is.”
The Prince of Ice

Penelope shivered - where were they?
“Sir Blue,” said Lobbo. “This castle once belonged to the Father of Ice.”
Blue stared up at the icey castle and blew into his clarinet. As his vision grayed, he watched the light trail lead into the entrance.
“Well,” said Penelope. “I suppose we go in?” She looked at the building’s architecture - how fascinating! It was unlike any castle she’d ever seen before.
“Lobbo,” said Blue. “Who was this guy?”
“He once lived in Bubbleville, but eventually… well, left.” Lobbo sighed. “He was kind of an outcast, we supposed.”
“Did you ever look into this guy before?” Blue blinked. “Like, was he ever a suspect for stealing the core?”
“Oh, absolutely,” said Lobbo. “But…” he frowned, “they couldn’t find anything, see? He’d gone missing, but there was no core to be found.”
“Strange,” said Blue. “Very strange! Alright.” He stepped out of the carriage. “Let’s go.”
As they entered the castle, Blue noted its wonderful icey interior. As he played a note, the trail brought him forward down the main hall.
“Ah!” A ghostly figure followed the trail. “So much better, see? They thought they could kick me out, see? Those… those… well, I don’t know what they are, but their time won’t be much longer! Yes! Yes! Aha! Aha! Aha!”
“Uh,” Blue removed the clarinet from his lips. “Was this guy in a particularly stable state of mind.”
“Ah, no,” said Lobbo. “To be honest, he was once one of us. He was Lobbu.”
“Lobbu?” asked Blue. “If he knew his entire existence was tied to Bubbleville, why would he try to kill it off?”
“I’m not entirely sure.”
Blue played the clarinet again.
“Aha!” Lobbu ran down the hall. “Aha! Aha! Just a perfect idea! Perfect idea, indeed! But first, I will take a new name.” He stopped abruptly in the middle of the hallway. “Ah, yes, Igor! What a lovely name! Igor! Haha!” He clapped his hands. Blue watched as Igor darted into a room on the right.
“Aha!” Igor stared at notes on the wall. “Aha! Here’s my plan, see? First! I’ve found a whole map of the Colorlo! I have an access key still! Haha! Haha! Haha aha aha aha aha aha aha-” Blue removed the clarinet from his lips.
“This guy’s insane,” he said.
“Keep playing!” Penelope’s eyes widened.
“Fine.” Blue put the clarinet back to his lips.
“Aha! I break in, and then I steal the core! Perfect!” Suddenly, Blue watched a boy walk into the room.
“Father, what’s going up?”
“Oh, Percy! We’ll give them revenge! Revenge, see? Revenge!”
“Father, isn’t it better if we just do things our own way?”
“No! No! No, Percy! No! No! No!” The image of Igor vanished. Blue followed Percy out of the room.
They walked to the back of the castle and up a staircase, eventually reaching a bedroom. Percy opened the door and walked over to the desk.
“Fool!” he said. “Six lives! Six! And such bad luck, too! Six! Six lives! I can’t do it anymore!” Blue noticed a few crystals on the desk - however, it wasn’t flashing, so he didn’t pick it up. “Three phasium crystals! Three! I can finally get out of here! I’ve done it! I’ve figured it out!” He walked over to a machine next to the desk. “Three phasium crystals, see! All perfectly modified! Once I break these at once, I’ll travel to my own world! Three crystals!” Percy vanished.
Blue removed the clarinet from his lips.
“I believe I’ve found Vaud,” he said.
“Really?” said Penelope. “Where?”
“Hold on.” Blue exited the room. “Let’s try another part of the house.” As he walked down the hall, he played again. Suddenly, Igor was back.
“Oh, what trouble! The Wall! The Wall has risen! They’ll find me! They’ll find me! They’ll find me! Aha aha aha aha aha aha aha-” Blue took the clarinet away for a moment, then played it again. “They’ll find me! I need to escape! Luckily, I’ve got explosives! So if I just, well… I can escape the wall! I can escape! We can escape, Percy! Follow me! It’s time!” Blue followed Igor down the hall, down the stairs, and outside.
“We need to follow them,” he said. As he stepped back in the carriage, Lobbo sat in the front.
They rode across Emerald Valley. To consider the journey a slog would be an understatement - oh, how boring! However, they made it to the Wall of Ametbysf.
“What’s that in the distance?” asked Lobbo. Blue noticed a crater in front of the carriage, and began to play.
“Well!” said Igor, as the ground instantly filled in below his feet. “It’s time to go. I’ve buried the core right here, after all. Just a little bit back there, under the sand patch. Percy!” Blue watched as Percy entered into view. “Percy, stand back!” Blue watched as Percy phased out once again. Igor pulled something out - what was it?
“What do you see, Blue?” Penelope looked in the empty crater.
“Hold on.” He began to play again. As his notes stabilized, he could finally see what Igor was holding - it looked like a round object.
“When I set off this explosive, the wall shall absorb the entire blast! I’ll stand right here. Percy, come here!”
Percy did not go there.
“Very well, then.” Igor shook the ball and rolled it towards the Wall of Amethyst. In a flask, it exploded. Within seconds, the blast vaporized Igor and created the crater.
The Wall remained intact.
“Oh!” Percy’s jaw dropped, and he ran over to the crater. “Oh no! Father!”
He turned away from the Wall.
“Lobbo,” said Blue. “There’s a patch of sand behind us. Tell the others to start digging.”
“Yes sir.”
Blur began to play again, and Percy morphed back into view.
“I can’t do it! I must leave this place! Time is up!” Percy vibrated uncontrollably. “Six lives! Six! This fool! They’ll find me! They’ll blame me! What could I ever do? That idiot! What is this world? Why can’t I be home?” He stopped. “Why can’t I be home? Oh, old Redberry was my favorite.” Suddenly, he snapped up straight. “Nevertheless! It’s time to go. It’s time to go! My world is waiting!” He bolted away from the Wall.
“Well,” said Blue, putting the instrument down. “I think I know where he’s going.”  
A Most Wonderful Ascension

“Sir Blue,” said the king of BubbleVille. “Are you sure this is the way?”
Blue stared out over a grand lake, colorful hills dotted in the distance. The Wall stood behind them.
“I believe so. When I played my music, I saw him jump onto the clouds above here.” He stared up towards the sun. “And… they flashed. Maybe it’s like what happened in the Colorlo.”
“Very well, then. And you will be back, yes?”
“Of course. I promised you we would save the Colorlo — besides, we can’t even get home without phasium.”
“Well,” Penelope walked over, Evelyn on her shoulder. “What should we do, then? Can we follow him?”
“I think so. But it might be tough to climb these. And a single accidental punch to one of the clouds will make it disappear.”
Evelyn chirped.
“Ah, of course,” said the king. “You mentioned that your bird could fly you, yes?”
“She has trouble carrying multiple people,” said Penelope. “And it might be hard for her to fly us horizontally, yes?”
“That’s what I’ve noticed,” said Blue.
“Well, I suppose we could use her to get from cloud to cloud. But I think we’d still need to jump on them.”
“Very well, then,” said the king. “Would you need our assistance?”
“I don’t think so,” said Blue. “We’ll see you soon.”
“Goodbye, and good luck! Aha!” Lobbo waved.
“Ta-ta!” Lob’s hat rose into the air.
“Bye!” Lobby said from somewhere.
“Alright,” said Blue. He played the clarinet - a small cloud of fog flashed at the shore. As he reached out to it, it instantly solidified.
“Go!” said Penelope. She grabbed onto Evelyn and they flew upward. As Blue Blue grabbed onto Penelope, they flew up to the cloud.
“Well,” said Penelope. “This will take a little while.”
They repeated the process with the next cloud.
And the one after that.
And the next one.
“I have a better idea,” said Penelope. Here - Evelyn, up.” They hovered in the air. “Blue, grab me with one arm.” He grabbed on. “Don’t slip. Careful. I think Evelyn’s adjusting to keep you from falling.” He felt small movements, but kept holding. “Blue, hold the clarinet with your other hand.” He used his other arm to hold the clarinet in his mouth. “We’re gonna fly over to the cloud. You’re gonna kick it. We’ll stand for a second, then keep going.”
Evelyn lifted them into the air, and Blue immediately started to play. As they flew toward the flashing cloud, he felt time slow down.
Slower.
And slower.
And even slower than that!
As they shuffled to the cloud, he swung his leg forward to kick it. As it poofed into existence, they landed momentarily.
Then they lifted up again.
As the trio climbed the cloudy ascent, their friends below became dots. With time, the clouds moved further and further apart.
“Good thing we did this plan,” said Penelope. “Where’d Percy go?”
As Blue played the clarinet, he saw the prince of ice jog up a staircase of clouds up ahead.
“He…” Blue panted, “he had more clouds than we do. He’s just running up them.”
With time, the clouds widened, and they soon began to run instead of flying.
Blue rolled onto the large cloud, the other two behind him. As wisps flew around them against the pink sky, he fought against the wind.
“Blue!” said Penelope. “Where do we go?”
Blue played the clarinet — no flashes.
Just Percy running up ahead.
“Check again, maybe?” said Penelope. As he turned to her, he noticed she flashed.
But it was almost a… different kind of flash, he thought. Almost as if she was lit up opposite of the other objects. It was hard for him to distinguish, but something felt… well, he didn’t quite know. It seemed off.
“Blue, what?” said Penelope.
“Hold on.” He took his mouth off the reed for a moment. “Stay still.” As he played again, she continued to flash.
What could it mean?
He turned around — Percy was moving quite slow — by sheer luck, they’d seemed to be moving at a consistent pace relative to him — so he had a second to experiment.
As Blue reached out to Penelope, she suddenly vanished. Seconds later, she appeared as a mere silhouette in his clarinet trail.
“Oh?” He stopped playing, and she vanished. Upon starting to play again, she came back. “Oh! My. God.”
“What?” He could barely make out her words. “What happened?”
Blue reached out to her again, and she reappeared.
“What did I just do to you?” he asked, eyes wide.
“Did you just… what? What? I was here, and then… well, it all looked so different! And you weren’t here. And Percy, well, I saw him! At least, I think it was him. We need to catch up to him! And… well, there were more clouds, and…”
“I think,” said Blue, “I may have sent you back in time.”
“What?”
“I’m not sure. Here — we need to go.” They began to chase after Percy.
Penelope stared out at Blue — what had he done to her? She had no clue!
“Blue!” she said as they reached the end of the cloud. She stared out ahead — wisps and nimbi flowed far ahead of them. “Is there anything there for us?”
Blue played for a moment, and stared out ahead.
“He’s climbing.”
“What?”
“He’s climbing a ladder of clouds.”
“A ladder of clouds? What’s that supposed to mean?”
“I’m not entirely sure. And I’m not entirely sure how it got here, either.
“What do we do?” asked Penelope. “Do we just fly?”
“Seems we have to,” he said. Penelope grabbed Evelyn, and Blue grabbed Penelope.
As they soared through the sky, Penelope stared down below. At this point, the entire lake was below them. She saw colorful hills surround it, as well as farther in the distance. She noticed the snow -- BubbleVille (or at least, the little parts of it that were visible), the green hills, the Colorlo, the snow — oh, she saw everything! And she even saw the bottom of the Wall — of course, not the entire thing, since it wouldn’t render for her. Wow! They were high up.
“Blue,” she looked up at the orange haze above. “How high are we going?”
“Hold on.” He played a note. As Evelyn flew forward, he kicked the air. Penelope watched as a long stretch of cloud formed before her eyes.
“Run.” Blue rolled onto the ground. “I think he’s almost done.”
Penelope stared at the sun ahead of her through the golden fog. All that laid ahead of her was the sky — what could Percy be doing?
Blue held a note — ahead of him, Percy ran and stopped at the edge of the cloud. He stared at the sun ahead of him.
“It’s time.”
Blue watched as he pulled a crystal.
“Three! Three shards of phasium. Three!”
Blue’s eyes widened. How was he handling the crystalline phasium with his bare hands.
Percy placed the crystal down, then pulled out a second crystal. He placed it on the cloud next to the first.
Then he pulled out a third, and placed it next to the second.
Blue turned to Penelope — she was flashing again!
If he sent her back in time — well, maybe she could talk to him!
Maybe she could prevent any of this from happening!
Blue knew he had not much time.
“Penelope.” He stopped playing. “Penelope, I’m sending you back. Talk to him. Try to reason with him!”
“Of course!” She glowed. “What an idea! If that’s what you actually did — although, I’m assuming that’s what it was. In that case — well, it can’t hurt. Just… be there for me.”
Blue started playing again and reached out to her. Instantly, she turned into a specter of light.

“Now! Now it’s done!” As the prince of ice raised his arms, the powder from the crystals slowly levitated towards the sun ahead.
“Percy!” Penelope ran over to him. “Percy, you fool! You can’t do this!”
The boy turned to her.
“And who must you be?” He backed away.
“You’re Kayden, are you not? You knew Blue!”
“Blue? Arthur Blue?”
“Arthur? No! Someone else. His first name’s Blue!”
“I’ve never heard of another Blue! I only knew Arthur. And… well, he isn’t here anymore.” He sighed. “He was the only one who got me. Not even my own brother — Arthur’s best friend. Not even him! And… that was the only good life!”
Percy turned towards the sun. Penelope watched as the powder fed into it.
He turned to her.
“Soon, it will all be over. I know not who you are. You must be my angel.”
“Oh?” Penelope looked into the sun as it expanded.
“You must be my angel! Yes! You will come with me!” Suddenly, the sun exploded; glowing meteors shattered across the sky. “Yes!” A green void opened, turning the sky dark. “Yes! Take me! Take me!”

“Penelope!” Blue played another note and tried to reach out to her, but she no longer glowed. Could she have been stuck?
He watched as she and Percy entered the void, which quickly closed behind them.
Oh My!

“So,” the king said as Blue took the third phasium crystal from under Percy’s bed. “How’d you know to check here?”
“I had a feeling. Thanks for the gloves, by the way.”
“Of course. So… Arthur? Arthur Blue?”
“Yep. That’s me.”
“Ah. And she never knew your name?”
“Well, when I got to the Land of the Light, they asked me my name. And, well… I just said Blue. That’s just who I became.” He looked under the bed - there were so many more crystals! “Three crystals. It took Percy three phasium crystals to open up his world.” He turned to the king. “So I reckon I may need three to get there. Thankfully, this kid made a ton.” He sighed. “Three to get there, and one more to get back to the Land of the Shadow first.”
“Will you be alright?”
“Well, I think so. I just worry for Penelope. This isn’t the first time I’ve lost her to one of these worlds.”
“Elaborate!”
“Well, earlier on in our journey, we were in this one world. Turns out, Vaud became a demon there. He broke free and destroyed the world, and, well — it closed. We had to reopen it, and I had to go back in and save her.”
“Oh my! Well, I’m sure she appreciates everything you do for her.”
“I haven’t done much, I suppose. Sometimes I wonder if she’s done more for me. If not for her, I would’ve lost hope in this whole thing long ago. But, well…” he inhaled, “just knowing there was an archive of my world gives me faith.”
“Faith is all you need,” said the king. “Here, I’ll ask some of my men to bind three of those crystals together. It’ll make getting them back easier.”

“Aha! Sir Arthur!” Lobbo pedaled him across the hills. “Are you ready to see the edge of our land, now that the Colorlo is back?”
“Yes, I suppose so,” said Blue.
As they pedaled, he wondered about Penelope — what could have happened this time? Surely she wasn’t in any danger — as long as Vaud never saw through her!“Hey, why are we stopping?” he asked Lobbo as they stopped upon a pink hill.
“We’re here! Look out!”
Blue stared outward at the hills — all so many different colors! They were all as beautiful as always.
“So this is where the Wall of Amethyst was?”
“Yes! And all thanks to you two, it’s gone!”
“I’m not sure why I expected the landscape to dramatically change.”
“Ah, eventually it will. But that’s not of your concern, I suppose. Aha!”
“So, Blue.” The king rolled up a cart of four crystals — three bound together, and the last one separated. “Are you ready?”
“I think so. Thank you all for your help — seriously. And, Lobbo — sorry we started off on the wrong foot.”
“That’s alright.”
Blue waited for the “aha” — but it never came.
“Well, gentlemen.” Blue picked up the batch of crystals and cradled them in his right arm. “It’s been a pleasure.”
He took off his left glove and reached toward the last crystal.
Penelope, Daughter of Light
Act III
The Scattered Soul
Attack on the Airships

Blue winced as the thunder clapped from around. He turned around - the Land of the Light went farther into the distance.
“Penelope!” He saw her. “Penelope, you’re alive!”
“Of course I’m alive! To me, no time passed at all! To him, though? Well… Blue, I saw it all! All of it!”
“How did you even get on these ships? What happened?”
“It’s a long story! I realized that someone triggered the world, so I jumped on the ships before they left.”
“Triggered the world? What are you talking about?” Blue turned around.
Penelope screamed.
“What?” Blue’s eyes widened. “What is it?”
“Look!” She pointed ahead - a skeleton ran toward her, holding a black ball. “What is that?”
She screamed as the skeleton threw the black ball to her. It slowly began flashing red, then picked up in speed.
“Penelope, it’s a bomb! Throw it at him!” Blue ran over. “Throw it!”
She tossed it back to the skeleton, and it exploded. They watched as the bones flew into the distance.
“Well,” said Blue. “Good job. Let’s go. The front ship looked different - we should probably get there.”
“Right.” She nodded.
They ran to the edge of the ship and quickly tiptoed their way to the edge of the bow.
“I’m gonna fall!” Penelope looked down.
“No you won’t.” Blue stabilized her. “Relax. Let’s go.” They ran onto the next ship. Blue watched as a skeleton threw a bomb at him, but he quickly kicked it back, watching as the bones went flying.
“Well.” His heartbeat sped up. “Well, then.”
He grinned.
“Keep moving!” He ran ahead and watched Penelope kick a bomb toward a skeleton.
“Blue!” Penelope called from behind. “How are we gonna get under that?” Blue looked ahead at a bar of fire, placed across the ship.
“I got it.” He quickly slid under the bar. “Let’s go.”
They ran to the edge of the ship and silently crossed the bow, quickly climbing onto the next ship. Thunder cracked from above.
“C’mon.” Blue turned to Penelope, and she slowly smiled. “Let’s keep going. Come on!” He ran ahead. “Give it your all!” Rage filled his eyes as he looked at a line of skeletons ahead. The first one threw a bomb towards him, which he quickly kicked, sending the line into a pile of bones. “You can’t stop us!” He yelled as thunder cracked yet again.
“Let’s go!” Penelope yelled ahead. “We’ve got it!”
As they slid down the deck, Blue kicked another bomb forward. It crashed into one of the sails, which began smoking.
“This one’s going down.” Blue turned to Penelope as he ran. “We gotta go!” As they jumped onto the next ship, they watched as it fell down into the water, a flaming meteor.
“How many more are there?” Penelope called from behind.
“A lot!” Blue kicked a bomb at a skeleton. “As many as Vaud wanted. We’re playing by his rules now.” Blue ducked under a burner. “No time to stop. Just gotta keep running.” His heart pounded faster - he smiled and jumped onto the next ship. “How are you doing back there?” Rain flew past.
“I’m doing ok, I think.” Penelope ran up to him. “I still don’t understand where he’s getting all of these guys from.”
“No time to understand. We just have to go.” Blue leapt over a bar of fire and rolled into a skeleton, sending its bones flying. He felt a quake as the previous ship fell into the water.
“Hey! The ocean’s gone!” Penelope looked around - the gray skies obscured the land below. Oh, she had to help her prince!
Her head spun - what an adventure!
And, oh, what a man!
“Get up.” She ran over to him. “You alright?”
“Yeah.” He stood up and brushed himself off. They ran to the edge of the ship. “How far are we?”
“I’d say maybe halfway.” Penelope looked at him as he breathed heavily. “Do you need a second?”
“No.” His eyes widened. “Absolutely not.” He grinned. “Let’s go.” Penelope watched as he jumped to the next ship.
What a confusing guy! She shook her head and jumped over.
“Blue,” cried Penelope. “Look!” Blue watched as a giant bomb appeared in the arms of the skeleton in front of him. “How did it just morph into existence?”
“Don’t question this place!” The skeleton threw the bomb and Blue volleyed it back to it. His heart raced but his head smiled - he’d never felt so alive before! “Don’t question him! Don’t question anything he does!” Blue ran ahead. “Who knows how much research he’s done since he’s gotten here?”
As they ran from airship to airship, Blue felt his heart beat faster.
“Penelope,” he called back. “Are you okay?” He heard her scream.
“What is this place?” She ran up to him. “This is insanity!”
Suddenly, the bow exploded, and the ship began to sink from the front.
“Blue.” Penelope watched as they fell from the sky. “Blue! We’re dead. We’re dead!”
Instantaneously, the ship popped out of existence with a puff of smoke.
	Time slowed as Blue rolled through the air — he could see below him now. The ocean softly glowed, still and endless. Mount Shadow and any semblance of the Land of the Light were far in the distance by this point — just his oceanic demise.
What swam in the waters? He remembered Fire Trench; did the Land of the Light have an equivalent?
Suddenly — he felt something grab him. Penelope! And she was holding onto Evelyn. By this point, the ships were only a mere dot in the distance. The trio hovered in place.
“Ah!” said Blue. “How are we gonna get there now?”
“Blue!” said Penelope. “The phasium, it, well — is there any phasium in these waters? We could spawn in more ships!”
“Spawn in more ships? What are you talking about?” Blue stared down into the dark abyss. “What, Penelope?”
“The phasium, it — well, it’s not important right now, I guess. But can we find more phasium?”
“No — it’s only on the other side. That’s what Sportus said, anyway. Or maybe it was one of his guys. Don’t you remember?”
“I don’t know! I’m trying to think of ideas.”
“Look — we can’t get anymore phasium out here. And I’d rather not plunge into the water. There’s no way we can fly back to the Land of the Light, unless…” of course! Evelyn! “Evelyn COULD bring us back.”
“Blue! Father doesn’t have any phasium. I can’t imagine there’s any in any of the settlements.”
“Probably a better shot than out here. I mean, what else could we possibly—”
Blue felt a rattle at his side.
“Penelope. Penelope!”
“What?”
“How much more do you know about Blue Tsunami?”
“What? What do you mean?”
“Tsunami, Penelope! Can it do anything else within the water?”
“What? I mean, it can send out tornadoes — but you know that already!”
“But — well, look. We don’t have any other options, I don’t think. All I know is that this sword can conduct water, so… well, we have a lot of it right here.”
“Not that I know of.”
“Evelyn, lower me.”
“What?” said Penelope. “What are you doing? I already told you that it’s just a sword.”
“Look, every time I’ve thrown water, it’s given me some crazy recoil. Maybe, well… I’m not sure.” Blue looked down. “Look, it’s a stupid idea, but… maybe we’d be able to… well, I don’t know. Launch towards the ships or something? If I harness enough of the water?”
The waves rustled below.
“Are you out of your mind?”
“We have nothing better to do.”
Evelyn slowly descended, dipping him lightly into the water. Cold! Oh, it was so cold!
“Evelyn,” said Blue. “Drop me in. And then spin. Spin fast, girl.”
Penelope felt her toes dip into the water as Blue was submerged. Oh, what a horrible idea! What was he even trying to accomplish?
Suddenly, Evelyn began to spin. As she went faster, Penelope couldn’t help but close her eyes.
Until the water started wrapping around her.
“What?” she opened her eyes == was she in some sort of tornado? “WHAT?”
The tornado shot into the air — she spun rapidly, as did Blue. Evelyn held onto her.
“Blue!” she shouted into the void. “Where are we going?”
“Aha!” He beamed as he spun. “I told you!”
As they spiraled through the stars, Penelope screamed.
Then, they slowed down.
“What’s going on?” asked Penelope. Suddenly, the tornado stopped spinning, and Evelyn began descending them. She looked down — they were directly above the front ship!
“Blue!” she cried. “Blue, you did it!”
As Blue landed on the wooden surface, he stared up at the helm behind him — it was turning by itself.
“Let’s go.” He ran up the stairs and swooped around to grab it.
“Where are we going?” shouted Penelope.
“I’m not too sure.” Suddenly, a green fog filled the air below the ship, obscuring the water. As Blue steered, he noticed something floating ahead. “What is that?”
“Is that… land?” Penelope’s eyes widened. “Is that… Vaud’s world?”
Blue’s jaw dropped, and his heart began to race. Oh — it looked so strange! As they drew near, the platform looked ever so gloom! He noticed a structure, but failed to make it out.
He felt lightheaded — yet, despite this, he couldn’t help but smile.
“We’re coming, Kayden.”
Chapter 7
The Pinnacle of Despair
Vaudville

“Well,” Blue said, approaching the tower as the ship floated behind them. “Well!”
The wind howled around them as he walked across the rocky planet — what could this structure even be for?
He stepped in the room — it was cold, and quite damp. He expected to find a staircase to the top, but found nothing — not even any furnite. However, once he turned around, he gasped.
The rocky planet outside was replaced by a desert — where had this tower sent them?
“Penelope.” She was still looking around. “Penelope, we moved!”
‘What?” She turned around and screamed. “How?”
“I’m not entirely sure. Probably some Vaud magic.” As he stepped outside into the cold desert, he looked up — stars dotted the sky. “So… where to?”
“Well,” said Penelope. “Surely Evelyn can take us up and give a look. Here — you go up with your clarinet and play a few notes.”
Penelope watched from below as Evelyn dragged Blue up — after a moment, they came back down.
“Well?” she asked.
“Nothing,” he said.
“What? What do you mean nothing? Someone had to be here to build this thing — and surely it was Vaud, right?”
“In a world entirely made by Vaud, would anomolies even be recorded?” He looked up at the stars once again. “It’s hard to know what we should even do at this point. And…” Blue turned to her. “Seriously. Are you sure he won’t come looking for you?”
“What?”
“Penelope, you never told me how you escaped.”
“Well,” she said, watching the desert. “It was a bit odd. He thought I was beautiful — so he made sure to preserve my youth. He put me in — well, I’m not sure what it was — almost like a deep sleep? — as a way for me to keep my youth. Time works different in here than out there.”
“I see.”
“He woke me up a few times to… well, to vent, perhaps? But once I gave an ever so shallow response, he put me back to sleep. It felt like no time passed — I forgot nothing.”
“Strange!” Blue gasped.
“I watched him grow old, Blue. And, well…” she looked down, “nothing changed on my end, see? To me, it felt like no time passed whatsoever — I remained unchanged and found you again. But to him? Well, I suppose we’ve rewritten his entrance into this world. We overwrote history.”
“What do you think this meeans?” Blue shuddered.
“Well, I’m not entirely sure. But I imagine once he finds out I defected to join you, well… I’m not sure what he’ll think.” She stared over the dunes.
“Ah,” came a voice.
“Huh?” asked Blue.
“Ah!” Penelope watched a shadowed figure draw near. “Who are you?”
“I have no name, I suppose.” The figure stopped walking. “My creator gave me no name.”
“Who created you?” asked Blue. “Vaud?”
“Yes, him. He gave me no name and no shelter.”
“Oh,” said Penelope. “That/s terrible!”
“Yes.” The figure stepped back, and Blue noticed it was surrounded by an eternal cloud of smoke. “But he gave me no weaknesses — no pain, no suffering. And so I just roam the desert.”
“We’re — well, we’re new here,” said Penelope. “We need to meet with him, see? For… well, for reasons.”
“Don’t lie. He knows you’re here.”
“He what?” Blue went silent.
“Your presence radiates throughout the world — he knows you’re here for him.” The figure drew near.
“Oh, please don’t hurt us!” Penelope jumped behind Blue.
“He never gave me enough emotion to care,” said the figure. “Look.” He pointed up to the moon, yellowing and wavy. “Up there is similar. You can find him up on that moon.”
“Wh… what?” asked Penelope. “Vaud lives on the moon? Oh, how will we ever get there?”
“Your bird has phasium, does she not?” asked the figure.
“What?” Blue picked up Evelyn. “She… she doesn’t have phasium. At least, not in a way that I think?”
“Your bird has phasium embedded in her,” said the figure. “The world knows.”
“Wait.” Penelope turned to Blue. “Maybe that would explain how she could send us back to the Land of the Light.”
“Your bird has phasium embedded in her, so she can sense anomolies of old. If you truly would like to see the creator, she’ll know the best path to get to him.”
“Is that…” Blue tilted his head. “Maybe that’s how she found the clouds in Emerald Valley. Anyway.” He turned to the figure. “Are you saying we just follow her until… well, she finds the way to Vaud?”
“Yes. Many of us roam the sands — we seek no harm. We were just put here and set free to walk. It is not a bad existence; it is ours.”
As Blue and Penelope followed Evelyn through the desert, they thought about Vaud — oh, what an odd soul!
“So,” said Blue. “You never explained the whole thing with the ships.”
“Well,” said Penelope. “It’s quite odd! Basically, well… phasium does more than we once thought.”
“Elaborate?”
“Phasium seems to be tied to the nature of a world rather than teleported to it. And, well, when someone uses phasium to go to a world, the outcome depends on what the nature of that world is. By default, most worlds just accept a teleport. There’s a lot more-”
“Wait, sorry. You’re saying that the ships were quite literally tied to the nature of this world?”
“Yes! Isn’t it fascinating how the universe works?”
“I suppose so.” Blue looked up to the sandy moon, illuminating the light from an unseen star. “But also, well, terrifying.” He trembled — what would Vaud even look like now? He was still in his life as Percy — that was for certain — but what kind of man had he become?

They get to the cannon (sorry I’m too tired to write this scene right now)



As Penelope flew through the air, she looked down at the planet — oh, how bland! And oh, so sandy! If only she could give this place soem sort of makeover — oh, if only she could show Vaud how it was all to be done!
That would make her quite happy.
Blue’s eyes widened as the moon grew in size — it looked similar to the planet, but the sands were lighter in color. As they approached the surface, he noticed several crags sticking out at different angles.
“Blue, what is that?” asked Penelope as she noticed a structure come into view.
“I’m not entirely sure,” he said. “Some sort of castle?” Within seconds, he noticed a green haze around it. “Is that…”
“Vaud’s castle! Blue, that must be it.”
Evelyn flew ahead and quickly grabbed them. As they descended, Blue looked again at the castle — it shone in the stars, its stone walls nearly telling him to look back. As they landed in the soft snow, his legs trembled.
“Well,” he said. “We should probably go in.”
A Most Dynamic Language

“So.” Penelope walked behind Blue. “Are we sure this is Vaud’s castle?”
“Well,” said Blue. “Evelyn’s still leading us — so it’s gotta be right.” He watched as Evelyn hopped on the red carpet down the hallway.
“These walls look a bit bland,” said Penelope, observing the stone. “Don’t all of the kings usually have some photos of themselves or something?”
“Not this one, apparently.” Blue’s legs trembled — he was actually in Vaud’s territory now. “Do we actually know where we’re going? This place is like a maze — I swear it’s bigger inside than it looked out there.”
“Well, I suppose we should just keep following Evelyn,” said Penelope.
The Grand Halls of Vaud

Blue continued on through Vaud’s castle, following Evelyn as she led the way.
Surely Vaud had Penelope now — surely! He shuddered as he thought about her fate; she was still his angel after all this time, no?
“Where could he be?” Blue ran down a hallway, which by this point was practically black.
This building surely wasn’t a realistic physical interior — there was no way the rooms had lined up with the outer walls! And the layout! Oh, what an odd layout! He felt as though he was going through a maze — how many figures had he seen in here by this point?
A skeleton darted out of a side room in front of him, lunging toward him. Blue screamed as he fell backward and the creature jumped onto him. He quickly rolled over and sat up, punching down on it. The creature turned into a mess of bones.
Blue heard a sound behind him — what could it have been?
Several other skeletons ran out of the room. Blue quickly picked up the skull and rolled it towards them — they each scattered into a cacophony of bones.
Within seconds, all of the bones vaporized into steam.
“Where are we going, girl?” Blue asked as he followed Evelyn. He peered into the side rooms — all so dark!
And at what cost?
And oh — Penelope! As Blue walked forward, he thought of her — not only was she trapped, but now she knew about her origins! As he followed Evelyn through the dim halls of Vaud’s castle, he thought of what he knew. First — phasium was code. Or, at least it seemed to be. Or was it practically the essence of a world? It was hard to know for sure — but, oh! Evelyn had phasium within her! It had made so much sense.
So Vaud was seemingly manipulating the world, presumably with a device that interpreted his requests into ‘phasium language”. What a smart man!
Broken, but smart.
What else? Blue thought about what else he knew of Vaud — so he’d once went on a world tour? Presumably before succumbing to the fate of whatever life it had been — perhaps his early adulthood in Ivyburg or Verderita? Whatever the case, he’d seemingly recreated his favorite one here — how strange!
Oh, where was Evelyn leading him now? They’d turned so many corners — and even a few curves — that it was so hard to tell!
They entered into a misty interior at the end of the hall — as he saw through the fog, Blue noticed a few pillars near the center of the room, and a plaque on the ground in the center of it. As he wiped the condensation off of it, he read what it had to say.

Understand not what you thought them to be,
But as what they actually were.
Your most loved — and most living — see their most tragic day.
Stare ahead.

Blue continued to the front of the room and noticed a glass wall — no, a mirror! He wiped the mist off of it and stared into it.

Penelope.
Let me tell you the story of Penelope
A beautiful angel taken from her origin
Far, far too soon
Stare deep, Arthur.
Blue awoke — he was no longer in Castle Vaud.
He noticed blue hills ahead — similar to Emerald Valley’s, but even taller.
Bubbles floated in the sky above him.
He looked down — something was off. He felt — short.
Was he in the body of a toddler?
He was at the bottom of a valley of some kind — a hill rested directly ahead.
He slowly walked up the hill, and the other hills stared back.
As he reached the top, he accidentally fell over.
Was he in some sort of dream? Where could he be?

- Oh! -

A woman walked over.

- Penelope! You’re okay. You just need to stand up. -

Penelope? Had she just called him that?
The woman helped him to his feet.

- Penelope! Look out at this vast world we live in. -

The woman picked Blue up and put him on his shoulders. As he stared out, he noticed the night sky above. The planet was small, but there were other similar ones close by in the night sky above. Blue reached up to pop a bubble, staring out at the odd pink stumps growing from the hills.

- So many planets, Penelope! And you’ll visit them all. One day, anyway. -

Blue saw a star in the distance, which the planet was orbiting. As they turned to face it, the sky slowly lit up, eventually being painted a light blue with hints of gray.
The other planets left his view — what a shame!

- Penelope, you’ll be the next explorer of the stars. I know it. -

The woman began to carry him away.

- Let’s go home. -

She carried him down the hill, past several stumps.

As he stared out, something seemed off. One of the stumps — was it protruding? It looked as though it was about to pop.

And then?

It did.

A black bubble sprouted from the stump, and quickly expanded — the two of them had been engulfed before he could he even register it. He fell asleep.

Suddenly, he opened his eyes -- where was he?

Blue the toddler stared around — it looked like the Land of the Light. It must have been! But why?

“Sir,” said an angel. “Over here.” He watched as Master Q, Shelby, and several angels came over.

“Hello, young one,” said Master Q. “What’s your name?”

Blue fell back asleep.

Penelope.
Oh, Lady Penelope.
Where to begin?

She was promised to explore the cosmos, yet her new life left her restricted.

Oh, Penelope.
The Daughter of Light.

Heir to the world between worlds.

Only a soul like such as hers could ever repair the Gateway.
Only a world like hers could be deemed pure —
Gone not through conquest, nor hate,
But a tragic anomaly.
Oh, what a world to respect!
Wbat a world to replicate!

And perhaps a world that our Creator could study.

Nevertheless!

Only a true soul like Penelope could match our Creator.

Only an angel could oversee its worshipper.

Arthur Blue.
Wake up.
Blue turned away from the mirror, into the mist — what had just happened? What had he seen?
“Was that… Penelope’s world?” he asked himself. “What did I just witness?”
The glass chimed in the mist, and Blue figured it was time to leave the room.
Oh, Penelope!
Life of the Wretched

Blue ran down the halls of Vaud — oh, poor Penelope! Where could she be at this point?
“Evelyn,” said Blue.
Blue and the Scattered Soul

- Vaud! -

- I’m here. It’s me. -
- Arthur Blue. -
- Kayden! -
- Why are you doing this? -
- Kayden, we can talk. -
- Just, well… -

- Just let Penelope go. -

- Ah! You’re placing her outside of this room. -

- It’s just between us? Well, that’s fitting. -

Blue turned away from the doorway, back into the room — a green mist filled it.
Slowly, a shadowed figure emerged from the other side.
Blue’s legs shook violently — he knew exactly who it was.
“Vaud! I created that name.” Blue held back tears. “Kayden.”
The figure raised his right hand — cloaked by some form of glove — and Blue immediately began to float.
“Kayden, this is crazy!” Blue spun in circles — was Vaud truly this powerful? “I know all about phasium! Drop me!” He felt Tsunami rattle at his side — was Vaud about to unsheath it? “At least let me handle my tools! Do you want to be a man, or a coward?”
Tsunami stopped rattling.
Vaud stomped the ground, and Blue fell flat. As he stood up, he stared above — stones were slowly falling from the ceiling, which he quickly maneuvered around.
“This is insane!” He tried running over to Vaud. “Just listen to me!”
“Arthur,” said Vaud. “What more is there to listen to?” He slapped the air, causing a wave to hurdle in Blue’s direction.
Time slowed as the water rushed at his head. In an instant, he took out Tsunami and began to spin. The water condensed around it — as it became heavier, he released the tornado towards Vaud, knocking him over.
“You can’t just do this!” Blue tried again to walk over to him. “I’ve seen you! You just got so unlucky!” He reached out to him. “Please, just listen!”
“Blue,” he said. “You were always my favorite one.” Vaud clapped his hands, and, in an instant, a trampoline appeared in front of him. Blue watched as it rocketed him into the sky, then vanished from existence.
Vaud was gone.
“Great,” he said. “Oh, poor Evelyn! How can I possibly get up there?” He stared around the circular misty chamber — what was there to do?
Or what had there been to do?
He held a note on his clarinet, and a spiral staircase began to flash along the walls of the room. As he reached out to it, it popped into existence.
“Vaud!” Blue ran up the staircase through the green haze. “You can’t do this!” As he ran up, a cloud of smoke appeared in front of him, spawning in a flame. As Blue flipped over it, several other flames appeared in the haze — the room was becoming hot. “The universe! The whole universe!” He sweat — oh, he felt like he was going to melt! As he ran up, the haze became red — he was at the top of the staircase in a second chamber.
“Blue,” said Vaud. “Do you remember VD?”
Blue remained silent.
“They didn’t name me that. I made it my nickname.”
Blue felt the humidity in the mist.
“Who would ever name a kid VD?” Vaud emerged from the shadows yet again, still cloaked in darkness. “That instructor was a twisted man.”
Blue pulled out Tsunami and whipped it around in the mist, creating a small patch of water. He launched another tornado at Vaud, who deflected it with a slap of the glove. Blue reacted instantly, swiping it with his sword again. It bounced back and knocked Vaud back.
“Blue, you can stay here with me, see? You. Me. And, well, what was her name again? Not like she wasn’t working for you the entire time. But I’d forgive you.”
“You’d  kill your own brother?” asked Blue. “Daniel just got married, and you’d kill him?” He approached Vaud. “Have you even thought about this? The entire universe. Everyone! Everything! All just… gone?” Blue’s heart raced. “You’d just… do that?”
“Blue!”
A Most Wonderful Escape

Vaud lay on the ground of the room, fizzling out into a sprinkle of dust.
“Oh,” said Blue. “My.” He didn’t speak more — what else could he have said?
Well, there was one thing.
“Penelope.” The door to the room retracted. “Penelope!” He ran out of the stone room.
There she stood, silent.
“Penelope, he’s done.”
“What?”
“He killed himself.”
“Oh.” Neither of them spoke for a moment. “Well.” Penelope stared out the window at the desert below. “Blue, find some phasium.”
Blue took out his clarinet once more and began to play it. Time seemed to slow down.
Something glowed in the distance.
“It’s not here,” he took his mouth off the reed. “We’d need to go out far to get it.”
“I suppose we could do that. Well, we can’t fly anymore…”
They both went silent.
Suddenly, the ground shook.
“What was that?” asked Blue. “Hopefully this world doesn’t have an Underlands.”
“Father told me about this,” said Penelope. “Many worlds — especially weak ones — exist around one focal point. It seemed to be Vaud in many of them — that’s why something changed whenever he was laid to rest. It’s why Sunset Mansion crumbled.”
“Oh!” Blue’s eyes widened. “So… what does this mean?”
“Well,” said Penelope. “We have to go now.”
The ground rumbled again. Suddenly, a piece of ceiling fell, blocking the doorway next to Penelope.
“Oh,” said Blue. He immediately grabbed Tsunami and attempted to destroy the rock — however, it was no use. “It seems too strong.” He looked out the window. “What can we do?” He looked back in the room —by this point, Vaud’s form was gone. All that remained on the ground was the glove. He turned back to look outside. “I mean — well, we can’t descend from this window. I’m not able to break out with Tsunami, and, well — I didn’t see anything from the clarinet. What can we…” he turned around.
Penelope stood, wearing the glove.
“Penelope?”
Silently, she closed her eyes. Blue felt the ground shake again — at this rate, the building was surely about to collapse.
How would they make it to the phasium?
“Penel-” he almost spoke her name again, but remained silent. He tilted his head as her hand vibrated. A low hum filled the room.
Vaud’s world shuddered again.
Suddenly, the building exploded in a flash of light — a glimmering path broke through the wall and out the window. Penelope ran out, and Blue followed.
His jaw dropped as Penelope made more path over the desert. As the ground crumbled, their escape only glimmered more.
“How are you doing this?” he called out to her. “What’s going on?”
“I’m not entirely sure,” she said, quietly.
The stars glistened around them as a sparkling trail shot through the sky, humming a melody ahead of them. Penelope punched with the glove, and rainbow ribbons shot out from behind them, scattering across the sky.
“What’s that all about?” Blue stared at them — oh, they were incredible! As the ribbons collided with the landscape, they transformed it — patches of grass took over the sand, growing new flowers until Vaud’s moon was entirely covered in a field of petals. As Blue stared at the planet, he saw the stars and ribbons pummel it until it, too, became a grassy wonderland. “You’re saving the world!”
The ground rumbled as they continued on the path. Suddenly, a puff of smoke shot at Blue’s feet — he was wearing roller skates.
“I’ve never used these in my life!” He wobbled around.
“Just try them!” She began to skate ahead on the path, speeding to the front. Blue scampered around for a moment, but quickly began to surf the path. As they continued across the land, Blue played his clarinet (and nearly lost his balance!) once more — the phasium was somewhere off in the distance, but they were getting closer. However, he noticed it was on a separate celestial body.
“Penelope!” he said. “It’s out in space! I have no clue where it might be.”
“I’m not sure,” she said. She leapt in the air — the collision with the path once again formed sparks, activating rockets on the back of the skates. Within seconds, she was shooting down the path, as was Blue.
“It’s interesting how Vaud had one planet without a desert — what could it be?” asked Blue. “I’m not sure we’d be able to see it in time.” As he fired forward, the orange flames shifted to a bluish color, and he sped up. He stared out into space — stars were beginning to form again over the green planets.
The Rebirth of Phasium
Blue, Son of Wonder